Get the news that’s local to youMedia playback is unsupported on your device Media caption China's space lab Tiangong-1 tracked on radar

The estimated window of re-entry for the defunct Chinese space lab Tiangong-1 has narrowed sharply.

The timeframe for the fall to Earth is centred on 01:07 Monday GMT (02:07 BST), plus or minus two hours.

Experts are tracking the module as it orbits at an ever decreasing altitude.

However, they will only be sure of the timing of the final plunge very late in the descent because of the uncertainties over Tiangong's interactions with the high atmosphere.

China has lost communication with the module and there is no way to control its downward flight.

However, the risk of any parts of Tiangong hitting a populated area is considered very low.

"Given Tiangong-1 has a larger mass and is more robust, as it is pressurised, than many other space objects that return uncontrolled to Earth from space, it is the subject of a number of radar tracking campaigns," explained Richard Crowther, the UK Space Agency's chief engineer.

"The majority of the module can be expected to burn up during re-entry heating, with the greatest probability being that any surviving fragments will fall into the sea," he told BBC News.

Precise knowledge of the re-entry time and location will come late

Typically, only in the last hour or so are experts very confident

Most of the module's components will burn up in the high atmosphere

Its orbital path means any debris is restricted in where it can fall

Perhaps 20-40% could survive to the surface - that's 1.5-3.5 tonnes

The highest probability is that this material would hit the ocean

Any debris path at the surface would be hundreds of km long

Tiangong is the 50th most massive object to come back uncontrolled

Launched in 2011 and visited by six Chinese astronauts, the 10m-long, 8.5-tonne Tiangong module should really have been de-orbited in a planned manner.

Traditionally, thrusters are fired on large vehicles to drive them towards a remote zone over the Southern Ocean. But this option appears not to be available, especially after the loss of command links in 2016.

Tiangong is now brushing through the top of the atmosphere, which is dragging on the spacecraft and causing it to lose altitude rapidly.

Thirteen space agencies, under the leadership of the European Space Agency, have been using radar and optical observations to follow its path around the globe, modelling its behaviour.

This collective, known as the Inter-Agency Space Debris Coordination Committee (IADC), has issued regular updates on the descent progress, and Esa itself gave its own final bulletin on Sunday. This forecast was for a four-hour re-entry window centred on 01:07 GMT Monday.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Holger Krag: Something of the size of Tiangong comes back "roughly every three to four years"

"A confidence of one hour is only reached about four hours beforehand. And one hour still means almost one revolution around the Earth," said Holger Krag, the head of Esa's space debris office. "But that's still good enough to exclude many countries and even some continents."

What can be said with certainty is that nothing will fall outside of 43 degrees from the equator, north or south.

This encompasses a region up to the Mediterranean and down to Tasmania, for example. It is governed by the inclination on which Tiangong was launched.

China has limited national tracking facilities around the globe and so had no choice but to keep the vessel on a reasonably tight equatorial path.

The International Space Station by contrast reaches 52 degrees north and south.

Tiangong means 'Heavenly Palace'

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Astronaut Wang Yaping memorably gave a lecture to school children from Tiangong-1

The module was launched in 2011 to practise rendezvous and docking

Two astronaut crews visited in Shenzhou capsules - in 2012 and 2013

They included China's first female astronauts Liu Yang and Wang Yaping

China plans a more permanent space station in the next decade

It has developed a heavy-lift rocket, Long March 5, for the purpose

Although about 5.2 billion people live within the re-entry zone, most of it is ocean, which explains the high probability that any debris that survives to the surface will hit water.

Dr Krag said: "We know from similar events that on average between 20% and 40% of the initial mass has the chance to survive re-entry heating.

"We could apply this rule of thumb also to Tiangong, I believe, because typically the same amount of heat-resistant material in relative terms is onboard all spacecraft.

"So that would mean between 1.5 tonnes and 3.5 tonnes might be able to survive," he told BBC News.

The components that most often seem to avoid burning up in the atmosphere are tanks. These objects are interior to the spacecraft and so are protected for much of the descent.

But they are also made from steel, titanium or carbon-reinforced plastics and these materials are generally more resistant to high temperatures should they become exposed.

Tiangong is certainly on the large size for uncontrolled re-entry objects but it is far from being the biggest, historically.

The US space agency's Skylab was almost 80 tonnes in mass when it came back partially uncontrolled in 1979. Parts struck Western Australia but no-one on the ground was injured.

Nasa's Columbia shuttle would also have to be classed as an uncontrolled re-entry. Its mass was over 100 tonnes when it made its tragic return from orbit in 2003.

Again, no-one on the ground was hit as debris scattered through the US states of Texas and Louisiana.

The redoubtable cataloguer of space activity, Jonathan McDowell from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, reckons Tiangong is only the 50th most massive object to come back uncontrolled.

Skip Twitter post by @planet4589 By my calculations, Tiangong-1 will be the 50th most massive uncontrolled reentry from Earth orbit in history. — Jonathan McDowell (@planet4589) March 25, 2018 Report

China is participating in the IADC campaign and is sharing some of its data.

The nation has since launched a second lab, Tiangong-2, which continues to be operational. It was visited by a re-fuelling freighter, Tianzhou-1, just last year.

The Tiangongs were put up to demonstrate orbital rendezvous and docking capabilities - to be testbeds to rehearse activities ahead of China's more permanent space station.

This facility, which is expected to comprise a large core module and two smaller ancillary modules, will be in service early next decade, the Asian nation says.

A new rocket, the Long March 5, was recently introduced to perform the heavy lifting that will be required to get the core module in orbit.

Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmosImage copyright Getty Images

April Fool's Day is a time when people across the UK indulge in their silly side and trick family, friends, colleagues, and complete strangers - to the enjoyment of some, and the irritation of many.

The tradition is also a chance for trusted broadcasters and newspapers to hoodwink a nation, like in 1957 when the BBC's Panorama programme put out the spoof documentary on Switzerland's "annual spaghetti harvest", presented by Richard Dimbleby.

So on 1 April, can the British public trust the more far-fetched stories in the papers?

Here is a round-up of the more suspicious, but actually true, stories.

1. Road signs warning drivers not to run over hedgehogs could be rolled out across Britain. The population of the prickly creatures has plummeted and Parliament's official Hedgehog Champion (who is also the transport secretary) wants to help save them.

More details (The Mail on Sunday)

2. A man who was stabbed in the back during a pub brawl returned to the bar to have another beer. The victim's knife was still in his back when he returned to the pub in Queensland, Australia, and went to hospital later. He is in a stable condition.

More details (Sunshine Coast Daily)

3. A film about "middle-aged men in Lycra" is being released in UK cinemas next week. That's right - the unlikely hero of a new documentary is the so-called "Mamil", also known as men who cycle.

More details (The Guardian)

You might also like:

4. A jigsaw fan said his marriage nearly fell apart while taking two years to complete a 33,600-piece puzzle. He worked on the 6m jigsaw for up to four hours a day. The ex-lorry driver said: "I nearly got divorced because of the time I spent on it."

More details (The Sunday Express)

5. A homeowner in California has tried to ban Trump supporters from buying her house. The woman is selling up but has told her estate agent to filter out potential buyers based on their politics.

More details (CBS Sacramento)

6. Plans to name a bin after Nick Clegg have been scrapped. Manchester University's Students Union said the former deputy PM will not be granted the honour of being made Order of the Bin.

More details (The Sunday Times)

7. An 11ft alligator was caught bathing in a family's swimming pool in Florida. Authorities in Sarasota County in Florida shared pictures of the reptile along with the words: "Just no." Video taken by the Sheriff's office shows the alligator appearing to enjoy himself as he does a quick lap.

More details (Here)

8. People were asked to wear every item in their wardrobe for a photo project. Canadian photographer Libby Oliver's series aimed to explore how people express themselves through clothes, but she said: "I have to move quickly, because those piles of fabric are quite suffocating."

More details (The Guardian)

9. A group of artists released rats inside a Trump hotel room in New York as part of an exhibit. The group, who are not fans of the US President, spent 24 hours turning the hotel room into a jail cell.

More details (New York Daily News)

10. A woman was fined nearly £1,100 for oil leaking out of her car. It sounds like a ludicrous proposition, but a Chislehurst resident was taken to court by Bexley Council after not resolving the issue because it was damaging the road surface.

Found in the Sunday Mirror (more details in the Bromley Times)

Compiled by Francesca Gillett, Rebecca Seales, and Alex ReganImage copyright Reuters Image caption The Pope greeted crowds after Sunday's Easter address

The Pope has called for an end to the "carnage" in Syria during his Easter message from the Vatican.

He also asked God to heal the wounds in South Sudan and the Democratic Republic of Congo, and urged dialogue on the Korean peninsula.

Pope Francis said the power of the Christian message gave hope to the deprived.

This included migrants and refugees who he said were "so often rejected by today's culture of waste".

Thousands of people were in St Peter's Square to hear him speak from the balcony of the basilica.

"Today we implore fruits of peace upon the entire world, beginning with the beloved and long suffering land of Syria whose people are worn down by an apparently endless war," said the Pope.

"This Easter may the light of the risen Christ illuminate the consciences of all political and military leaders, so that a swift end may be brought to the carnage in course; that humanitarian law may be respected; and that provisions be made to facilitate access to the aid so urgently needed."

Image copyright Vatican via AFP Image caption About 80,000 pilgrims listened to his Urbi et Orbi address in St Peter's Square

During the first five years of his reign, Pope Francis has been consistently outspoken in condemning the Syrian conflict. In 2013, he was credited with leading moral opposition to Western military intervention, according to BBC Vatican correspondent David Willey.

Turning to the wider region, he said on Sunday: "We beseech fruits of reconciliation for the Holy Land, also experiencing in these days the wounds of ongoing conflict that do not spare the defenceless, for Yemen and for the entire Middle East, so that dialogue and mutual respect may prevail over division and violence."

The Archbishop of Canterbury also offered a message of peace and hope in his Easter address on Sunday.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption At an Easter Sunday service the Archbishop of Canterbury stressed the importance of hope.

Speaking at Canterbury cathedral, Archbishop Justin Welby stressed the importance of maintaining hope - but he also said the church should admit when it made mistakes:

What is Urbi et Orbi?

On relations between North and South Korea, the Pope said he hoped talks aiming to ease longstanding tensions on the Korean peninsula would "advance harmony and peace".

He added: "May those who are directly responsible act with wisdom and discernment to promote the good of the Korean people and to build relationships of trust within the international community."

The Pope also expressed hope for an end to violence and division in Ukraine and Venezuela.

The pontiff was speaking in an "Urbi et Orbi" address from the famous central balcony at St Peter's Basilica at the Vatican, in front of tens of thousands of the faithful.

The Latin phrase means "to the city [of Rome] and the world" and the special address is employed only a few occasions - at Christmas, at Easter and just after being elected pontiff.The comedian Eddie Izzard, newly appointed to Labour's ruling body, has said the party must "stamp out completely the stain of anti-Semitism".

His comments came as Labour distanced itself from a series of controversial pro-Jeremy Corbyn Facebook groups.

A report published in the Sunday Times claims to have uncovered more than 2,000 anti-Semitic, racist or abusive comments in them.

A Labour spokesman said the groups are not connected to the party in any way.

Mr Izzard was appointed to Labour's National Executive Committee after the resignation of his predecessor, who had been caught up in the growing anti-Semitism row.

"This is a very important time for the Labour Party and we must stamp out completely the stain of anti-Semitism from a minority of members. It has no place in our party," Mr Izzard said.

"We must make amends and repair the damage with the Jewish community as Jeremy Corbyn has promised to do."

The Sunday Times report is the result of a two-month investigation into the 20 biggest pro-Corbyn Facebook groups.

Among the messages was praise for Adolf Hitler and threats to kill Prime Minister Theresa May, the paper said.

Meanwhile, one of Labour's biggest private donors has told the Observer he has left the party over its failure to deal with "the most blatant acts of anti-Semitism".

Sir David Garrard, who has donated £1.5 million to Labour since 2003, told the paper: "I have watched with dismay and foreboding the manner in which the leadership has, in my view, over the last two years, conducted itself."

No let-up for Labour

Jonathan Blake, BBC political correspondent

With negative stories on the front pages of at least four newspapers, this is not a happy Easter Sunday for Labour.

The online abuse highlighted by the Sunday Times investigation shows a problem the party has with a relatively small number of people willing to use racism, misogyny and threats of violence in support of Jeremy Corbyn.

Labour has denounced the behaviour and distanced itself from the groups.

Mr Corbyn has condemned, criticised and apologised time and time again.

But after a bad week for the party, things have not improved.

The leader has admitted that Labour must "do better" in tackling anti-Semitism, but with no apparent quick fix at hand and no let-up in accusations, he has some way to go to convince everyone in his party that he has a grip on the problem.

The Sunday Times says the Facebook groups covered in its report have a membership of around 400,000 people including 12 senior staff working for Mr Corbyn and shadow chancellor John McDonnell.

Comments in the groups show members advocating violence, reports the paper.

It also said it found messages comparing the Conservatives to Nazis and suggesting a journalist should be killed.

Writing in the newspaper, Jewish Labour MP Luciana Berger said she had received an email from someone who claimed to be a party member telling her she should kill herself.

She had also been called "Judas", "a venal piece of detritus", a "Zionazi" and an "absolute parasite."

The organisation Jewish Voice for Labour said the groups highlighted by the Sunday Times did not represent the party.

"We would never tolerate such posts among our members, nor any form of racism or other bigotry," a spokesman said.

Image copyright PA Image caption Luciana Berger spoke at a protest against anti-Semitism in the party on Monday

A spokesman for the Labour Party said: "These groups are not run by the Labour Party or officially connected to the party in any way."

Labour also told the Sunday Times that no-one in Mr Corbyn or Mr McDonnell's offices has seen, posted or endorsed anti-Semitic or abusive messages.

The BBC understands that Mr Corbyn has since deleted his personal Facebook account, although his Facebook Page, a separate type of account for public figures and organisations, remains active.

It is understood that Mr Corbyn was concerned about being added to groups without his knowledge, and the potential security risk of having a personal account.

The latest allegations mark a deepening in the row over anti-Semitism in the Labour Party which has dogged Mr Corbyn for the past week.

It erupted when Mr Corbyn himself was criticised for opposing the removal of an anti-Semitic mural in east London in 2012.

On Saturday, senior Labour official Christine Shawcroft resigned from the party's ruling body, the National Executive Committee, and was replaced by Mr Izzard, who had been runner-up when she was elected last year.

It had emerged that she had opposed the suspension of a council candidate accused of denying the Holocaust.

In a statement Mr Izzard said: "Although this isn't the manner in which I had hoped to join the NEC I'm honoured to step up and represent Labour members at the heart of our party."

On Friday Mr Corbyn admitted Labour must "do better" over its handling of anti-Semitism.After TEN years of top-notch superhero movies in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, it all comes to a head (kind of) in this, the third Avengers film. A reminder of the 18 outings we’ve had so far:



1. Iron Man (2008)

2. The Incredible Hulk (2008)

3. Iron Man 2 (2010)

4. Thor (2011)

5. Captain America: The First Avenger (2011)

6. Marvel's The Avengers (2012)

7. Iron Man 3 (2013)

8. Thor: The Dark World (2013)

9. Captain America: The Winter Soldier (2014)

10. Guardians of the Galaxy (2014)

11. Avengers: Age of Ultron (2015)

12. Ant-Man (2015)

13. Captain America: Civil War (2016)

14. Doctor Strange (2016)

15. Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 (2017)

16. Spider-Man: Homecoming (2017)

17. Thor: Ragnarok (2017)

18. Black Panther (2018)



So with ALL those heroes, from Ant-Man to The Vision, up against the biggest of big bads, Thanos (the angry bald fella with the giant golden glove), things are really going to kick off. People may actually die, and not in the cheaty Nick Fury or Agent Coulson way, so if you’ve watched even a couple of the above, you won’t want to miss this. Seriously.[Miss] Piggy became really insanely popular around the world in the 70s because that was the Women’s Lib movement.

And it just happened, I didn’t do it on purpose, but it just happened that her being a tough female and yet having to act coy and feminine like women were ‘supposed’ to do, somehow hit a nerve.

But I don’t stay with that, the world has changed...when I did perform after that she kept on changing depending on who I was inside, my growth and the environment.Bach's St Matthew Passion is something of a staple in the Easter musical calendar; as synonymous with Good Friday as Handel’s Messiah is to the Christmas period (or indeed, Easter Sunday).

With a vast chorus of singers, full orchestra, and elaborate solo passages - not to mention its length of almost three hours - this is not a piece to be taken lightly.

The untrained singers are currently gearing up for the ultimate Easter performance

And that’s before you take the subject matter into consideration: a gruelling account of the arrest, trial, and crucifixion of Jesus Christ, taken from the gospel of St Matthew.

Not the most cheery of repertoire choices, then, for Streetwise Opera Manchester, a group of people who have experienced homelessness and other members of the community.

This dynamic group of performers get together each week to sing, support each other and be defined not by difficulties in their personal lives, but by their creative skills.

Undeterred by Bach’s Biblical behemoth, the untrained singers geared up last year for the ultimate Easter performance: a brand new adaptation of the work on Good Friday and Holy Saturday, alongside award-winning choir The Sixteen, in a site-specific performance in Manchester.

To do this, it took more than two years of planning, rehearsals, and a ruthless edit of almost half of the original music.Dara O Briain and Angela Scanlon host the robot fighting show. This penultimate episode sees reigning champions Apollo mount their defence of the title. More

Dara O Briain and Angela Scanlon present Robot Wars, with battles commentated on by Jonathan Pearce.Sunday 1st April 2018 marks the centenary of the Royal Air Force’s formation. Initially created towards the end of World War One, thousands of men and women have been joining its ranks to protect the UK’s skies ever since.

To mark the occasion, The Chris Evans Breakfast Show on Radio 2 has been speaking to some fascinating guests about the past, present and future of the oldest independent air force in the world. Listen to some of the highlights below.It wasn’t until the end of my third year that I finally admitted to a few friends there how I really felt. I couldn’t face the thought of going to the summer ball. It was meant to be the final celebration of our student days but I couldn’t muster any enthusiasm. When I told them, lots of people on my course admitted they hadn’t bought tickets either. They felt the same disappointment with their university experience.Image copyright Bailey Davis Instagram / Bryce Ell Image caption Cheerleader Bailey Davis was fired by the NFL for posting an Instagram in a lingerie body suit

Dancing for the New Orleans Saintsations cheerleading squad was a lifelong dream for Bailey Davis.

Those dreams were crushed after three years on the job when she says she was fired for a "distasteful" Instagram post.

Now, the former cheerleader has filed a complaint against the National Football League (NFL).

Davis grew up in Ellisville, Mississippi. Her family travelled 150 miles (240km) to Louisiana to support the New Orleans Saints football team each season.

Her mother worked as a choreographer for the Saintsations for 18 years and Davis grew up around the women with the goal of someday becoming one of them.

After high school, Davis finally had her chance to dance in the Superdome, where the Saints play. She was invited to become a Saintsation after a year of junior college.

Image copyright Bailey Davis Instagram Image caption Davis' mother was a Saintsation coach until she resigned this month following her daughters' firing

The 22-year-old spent three seasons travelling with the 2010 Super Bowl champions until she was fired on 23 January.

The photo that she said led to her dismissal showed Davis in a lingerie body suit, which her employer allegedly claimed violated Saints policy.

"This letter is your confirmation of the termination of your employment with the New Orleans Louisiana Saints effective today... due to failure to comply with Saintsations rules and regulations", the letter, seen by the BBC, reads.

Why was she fired?

The "rules and regulations" referred to in the letter are anti-fraternisation policies between dancers and players and semi-nude photos posted on social media.

The NFL team's employee handbook says: "Nude, semi-nude, or lingerie photography is strictly prohibited and terms for immediate dismissal".

The rule, however, does not apply to Saints football players and is only required for Saintsation cheerleaders.

After she was let go, Davis hired a lawyer and filed a discrimination complaint against the NFL team with the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC).

Davis' lawyer, Sara Blackwell, told the BBC that she believes the policy unfairly targets women.

Image copyright Bailey Davis Instagram Image caption Bailey Davis (R)

"The Saintsations should be treated as athletes, which is what they are," she said. "This is a clear discrimination based on gender."

She added that players can post photos in their underwear on social media, so cheerleaders should be allowed to as well.

Blackwell, who filed a complaint on Friday, said the next step will be to send a letter to the NFL commissioner Roger Goodell to request a hearing.

Davis is also challenging the Saints for their claim she broke anti-fraternisation rules, which she said was another reason for her dismissal.

The former cheerleader said she was called into the team's human resources office and was told she had violated the policy by attending a party with Saints players, which is prohibited for members of the dance squad.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption NFL: Being a Philadelphia Eagles cheerleader is hard work

Davis denied the allegation, but the rumours persisted.

After she posted a lingerie photo, her coach texted her: "Very poor judgement to post a picture like that especially considering our recent conversations about the rumours going around about you. This does not help your case. I'd expect you to know better."

You may also be interested in:

'Predatory' football players

In addition to strict guidelines ensuring their social media is "tasteful, respectful, and classy", cheerleaders are also responsible for blocking players who follow or contact them.

In January 2018, the Saints reminded the all-female dance squad that their social media pages must be in "private mode", according to an email obtained by the BBC.

Davis said they were also told to remove their last names from their Instagram accounts to avoid being found online by football players.

"In an effort to protect you from player advances and activity that can be deemed suspicious it is in your best interest that as long as you are a Saintsation you do not follow any players or coaches at all," coach Ashely Deaton said in an email.

She said cheerleaders could not like or comment on anything posted online about specific Saints players, though following team accounts was fine, according to the email.

Image copyright Bailey Davis Instagram

"Any such activity will likely give them the impression that you are available to their advances," she wrote.

Davis said that by framing the players as predators the Saints were doing a disservice to both cheerleaders and football players.

"It's completely discriminating because it's our job to make sure they behave themselves. The players have never harassed us," said Davis. "The organisation is trying to make them seem like they are predators."

The New Orleans Saints declined to provide a comment to the BBC.

Attorney Gregory Rouchell, who represents the NFL team, said in a statement to the Hattiesburg American newspaper: "The New Orleans Saints is an equal opportunity employer, and it denies that Ms Davis was discriminated against because she is female. The Saints will defend these allegations in due course, and the Organisation is confident that its policies and workplace rules will withstand legal scrutiny."

What are the other rules for cheerleaders?

If a Saints player is to walk into a bar or restaurant, cheerleaders are required to leave the establishment or risk losing their job, according to a copy of Davis' complaint.

Davis' lawyer said this is one of many rules that unfairly controls the actions of dancers, who all happen to be women.

"Bailey is an advocate for women being treated equally. We're hoping this can help other women fight to break the glass ceiling," Blackwell said of her client.

According to the complaint, other rules for cheerleaders in the Saints' handbook include:

Dancers will make no public appearances or post photos on the internet wearing Saintsation cheerleader uniform

Members shall not date or fraternise with any player, coach or management personnel

Socialising in close proximity with players will result in immediate termination

Social media accounts must not identify Saintsation dancers as members of the team

Game day make-up and hair cuts must be approved by the team director

It is unclear how many similar rules exist for cheerleaders working for other NFL teams.

However, the Saints are not the first team to come under scrutiny for their treatment of cheerleaders.

The Buffalo Bills were widely criticised for forcing cheerleaders to do a "jiggle test" to see if they were slim enough.

Blackwell said the strict crackdown on social media accounts makes it difficult for cheerleaders to build their personal brand while dancing.

"The players, who already make a ton more money, can have public profiles where they show off their physique and wear Saints uniforms. They're allowed to promote themselves, but the dancers are not," she said.• LAUNCH: Monday 5th March

• NOMINATIONS CLOSE: Midnight Thursday 5th April.

• SELECTION PROCESS: This isn’t about ranking people above each other; it’s about finding people who are representative of the range and amazing inspirational work that happens all across the NHS. All entries will be considered by our team of researchers and nominations will be selected to go before a panel of judges in each category based on their suitability and the information supplied by the nominee. The panel which will include a representative from the Patients Association, will then shortlist those nominations and select a winner in four of the categories. The makeup of the panel will be announced at a later date.

• AWARD CEREMONY: The winners of the first four categories will be revealed in a special edition of The One Show. Viewers will also be able to vote for the winner of the Unsung Hero Award during the show from a shortlist of three and the winner will be revealed at the end of the show.

Thank you for taking part, please ensure you read through the category criteria above and questions on the form carefully before submitting your nomination.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption North Korean leader Kim Jong-un clapped along, like many others at the concert

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and his wife have watched South Korean K-pop stars perform in a rare event in Pyongyang.

Mr Kim clapped along and then met performers backstage where he conversed and took pictures, said reports.

It is the first musical delegation to visit in more than a decade as the leaders of the two countries on the divided peninsula prepare to meet.

More than 11 acts are in Pyongyang for two shows.

The North sent performers to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea earlier this year.

The exchanges come amid thawing relations between the Koreas after months of tension.

The concert, titled Spring is Coming, took place on Sunday evening local time at the 1,500-seat East Pyongyang Grand Theatre, said South Korean media.

The delegation, which combines K-pop, rock and other genres, is set to perform again on Tuesday.

Mr Kim is the first North Korean leader ever to attend a performance by an artistic group from the South, said South Korea's official news agency, Yonhap.

Image copyright AFP Image caption The South Korean musicians rehearse before the performance

His sister Kim Yo-jong and the country's nominal head of state Kim Yong-nam are also said to have attended.

Kim Jong-un "showed much interest during the show and asked questions about the songs and lyrics", the South's culture minister Do Jong-hwan told journalists, according to Reuters news agency.

Earlier, a North Korean audience also watched a South Korean taekwondo squad perform, this time without Mr Kim.

Mr Kim has agreed to hold summits with South Korean President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump.

He met Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing last week during his first overseas trip.

The third inter-Korean summit - there were also meetings in 2000 and 2007 - is due to be held on 27 April. No date has been set for the US-North Korean summit.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption There are high-flying kicks galore as South Korean taekwondo athletes perform in Pyongyang before the music concert

Meanwhile, the US and South Korea have begun their annual military drills, which have been scaled down compared with previous years as both countries prepare for talks with North Korea.

Although nearly 300,000 South Korean troops and 24,000 American troops will take part, the drill will be a month shorter than usual and will not involve nuclear submarines.

In the past, the drills have infuriated North Korea but correspondents say that this time Pyongyang is keeping relatively quiet. Mr Kim reportedly told visiting South Korean officials that he understood that the exercises had to go ahead.

The musicians performing in Pyongyang include:

Red Velvet

A five-member girl group, Red Velvet headlined at the Pyeongchang Games this year.

The popular quintet who first formed in 2014 are still seen as relative newcomers, but have already managed to scoop up their fair share of awards.

They have also got a large following on social media, with some 4.5 million followers on Instagram alone.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rock band YB will also be performing in North Korea

Seohyun

A member of undoubtedly one of Korea's most famous K-pop groups, Seohyun made her music debut in 2007 as a member of the all-female Girls' Generation.

Image copyright AFP/Getty Images

The group shot to stardom in 2009, making Seohyun one of today's most recognisable K-pop singers.

In February, the 26-year old performed alongside North Korea's 137-strong Samjiyon Orchestra, which was part of North Korea's art troupe during the recent Winter Games.

Choi Jin-hee

The 61-year-old singer's 1984 song Love Maze was said to have been a hit across the Korean peninsula and can still be heard playing in Pyongyang restaurants.

It is also said to have been a favourite of Kim Jong-un's father, Kim Jong-il.

This is Mrs Choi's fourth time performing in the North.

Cho Yong-pil

An industry veteran, Cho is considered one of the most influential figures in South Korea's music scene.

Image copyright EPA Image caption Cho Yong-pil (r) arrives in Pyongyang

In an interview with Billboard in 2013, the 68-year-old singer was dubbed a "K-pop legend".

This is not his first performance in North Korea.

Mr Cho made his first debut in Pyongyang in 2005, where he held a solo concert attended by some 7,000 North Koreans - making him the most recent South Korean singer to perform in the North.

Lee Sun-hee

Another iconic singer in South Korea, Lee Sun-hee first made her debut in 1984.

The now 53-year-old travelled to the North for a joint concert in 2003, which marked the opening of the Ryugyong Chung Ju-yung Gymnasium - one of the performance venues for the upcoming concert.Image copyright PA

Bill Maynard, who has died at the age of 89, was best known as the loveable rogue Claude Jeremiah Greengrass, in the police drama Heartbeat.

But he had a long and sometimes difficult career that took him from variety shows to cinema and network television

In real life Maynard shared many similarities with his best known character, a predilection for racehorses, greyhounds and booze.

At one stage he was the best paid TV comic in Britain but he squandered his earnings. Maynard then embarked on a career as a stage actor, before returning to the screen in a number of successful television series.

Unpaid taxes

He was born Walter Frederick George Williams on 8 October 1928 in the village of Heath End in Surrey.

At the age of eight he was performing in Working Men's Clubs, doing George Formby impressions.

He later dabbled with the idea of becoming a professional footballer, apprenticed aged 15 to Leicester City and Notts County, but was eventually forced back to the stage by a knee injury.

He returned to show business as a band singer, struggling to get a break at the Windmill Theatre. His luck changed after encountering another stand-up comic, Terry Scott.

By this time he had changed his stage name to Maynard - a name, as he later revealed in a BBC interview, that he saw a on poster for Maynard's wine gums.

Image caption Great Scott! It's Maynard

He and Scott became TV stars in the 1950s with their own show, Great Scott, It's Maynard. The partnership ended when Maynard decided to embark on a career as a serious actor.

But he was not paying enough attention to his finances and the Inland Revenue took his money, his home and his cars for unpaid taxes.

Maynard spent several years in obscurity, forced to take bit-parts in repertory companies, and making small appearances in programmes like Coronation Street.

Heartbeat

He slowly rebuilt his career His role in the TV adaptation of Dennis Potter's play, Paper Roses, won him critical acclaim.

He subsequently went on to enjoy success with such comedy shows as Oh No, It's Selwyn Froggitt and The Gaffer.

Image caption A role in Dalziel & Pascoe in 2002

In the 1970s he recorded a song in tribute to the sport of Stock Car racing released, to very little acclaim, on the appropriately named Crash Records.

He also appeared in a number of Carry On films, although he professed to be baffled by their popularity.

In 1984, he stood as an Independent Labour candidate against Tony Benn in Chesterfield. He said he had only done it to try and keep Benn out of Parliament and it was his only venture into politics.

He subsequently went on to take his most popular role, that of Greengrass, in the TV series Heartbeat.

It was a part that seemed to have been specifically created for him and Maynard worked with the scriptwriters to develop the character's idiosyncrasies.

At its peak in 1997, Heartbeat attracted more than 60% of the Sunday night audience, earning Maynard a reputed £600,000 a year.

His character was written out in 2000 after he had suffered several strokes, but returned in 2003 in a spin-off series set in a hospital entitled, The Royal.

Away from acting he ran his own video production company and was a long serving presenter on BBC Radio Leicester

His first wife Muriel died from cancer just as he was tasting his second round of success, leaving Maynard to care for their two young children.

He went on to marry speed ace Donald Campbell's widow Tonia.In anticipation of BBC One's three part adaptation of Ordeal by Innocence, here are five facts you might not already know about the original story. To learn more about the novel, plus the life and work of one of Britain's most famous novelists, visit the Home of Agatha Christie.

The first episode airs on BBC One, Sunday 1st April at 9pm or you can catch up soon afterwards on BBC iPlayer.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Declan Donnelly joked he had "twice the amount of work to do"

The first episode of Ant And Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway to air since Ant McPartlin was charged with drink driving has been broadcast.

We already knew - from a tweeted image of the script - that the title wasn't changing. But how would Dec do presenting without his on-screen partner of 30 years, Ant McPartlin?

1. Dec clearly can do it on his own

Let's get the big question out of the way first. Could Dec cope without Ant? And the answer was - yes, generally very well.

There's no denying that he was nervous to begin with - the tension visible in his body language; his speech was that slight bit quicker than usual.

But he was welcomed to the stage with a massive roar from the audience, and having got into the groove with the usual catchphrases, he nodded to Ant's absence, noting: "I've got twice the amount of work to do."

And the nerves were understandable.

He had no more idea than anyone else how Ant's future might pan out - and he could hardly afford for the general impression to be that he is useless without his partner. At the very least, he isn't.

2. Great writing is your friend...

"We don't just wing it, there is actually a script!" the show tweeted in advance.

And that script was very good.

This would have been the most challenging of weeks for the show's writers - required to write material that addressed Ant's absence without seeming too light-hearted.

But for the most part they got it exactly right.

"Have you been keeping a close eye on this week's news?" Dec asked a quiz contestant. When she said she hadn't, he replied, "for some of us, it's been unavoidable".

And in a very self-referential moment, Dec actually ended up in the show's writers' room at one point, saying: "I'll have to do it myself. Like everything else around here this week."

The cheer from the audience nearly took the studio roof off. Good job it is being decommissioned.

3. …as are your Chums

Dec's friends were not just that supportive audience - there were many on the studio floor with him.

Davina McCall, Cat Deeley and Takeaway regular Stephen Mulhern all popped up to set up a gag or help carry a section.

But it was Stephen Merchant, doing the voiceover for the Terms And Conditions, who was the star.

After watching a pre-recorded Knight Takeaway segment - the only time Ant appeared on screen - he observed: "I enjoyed that. That other bloke was good. You should do more with him."

He also mined the old-as-time, but no less funny, little-and-large gags to be had from the enormous height difference between himself, at 2.01m, and Dec - 1.68m.

Referencing Dec's wife's pregnancy, Merchant looked forward to "the pitter-patter of tiny feet. It'll be you coming to the door."

Never mind Ant and Dec, at times it was like the Two Ronnies never went away.

4. Oh, the feels

The show's producers, knowing that there would be a lot of emotion in the studio, decided to make a slight shift in tone.

Overall - especially in the first half - there was more an emphasis on heartstrings than humour.

Davina McCall's bit in particular - a sort of update of the old Cilla Black Saturday night show Surprise Surprise - featured a woman whose three children all took on enormous personal challenges. A woman who was meant to be on the show a few weeks before but had had to pull out after having heart problems, no less.

One of her children learned to sing, one learned to fly - but then the third went and found her adopted half-sister, whom she had never met.

Blimey.

5. Dec has friends across the country

Judging from the reaction on social media - just follow the #SaturdayNightTakeaway hashtag - it seems impossible to overestimate the amount of goodwill that Britain has towards Declan Donnelly.

Image copyright PA

Both his audience and the country seemed squarely behind him - albeit sometimes in the way that close friends cheer on an anxious best man as he makes his first speech, which, in some ways, seems a strange way to feel about a man who has 17 successive Best Presenter Baftas on his mantelpiece.

But when Merchant said, "sorry mate, I was just trying to fill in some time for you," it summed up the feeling around this slightly odd, but generally perfectly entertaining, piece of television.

You couldn't quite shake off the sense of something being nursed to the end, like Charlie Sheen being guided into land at the end of Hot Shots, his plane shedding parts by the second.

Ironically, it was a pre-recorded line that summed things up best, from the Knight Takeaway sketch.

Having just unleashed a massive fart, his oven-ready character declared, "Tell you what. Now it's finally out, I feel a whole lot better."

We bet he does.Sky One's new sitcom, In the Long Run, is a kind-hearted, rose-tinted, lovingly nostalgic 1980s period piece, which is as warm as a fresh Pot Noodle.

It feels dated, but then it's supposed to. Great attention to detail has been paid to the look and feel of the London estate on which it is set.

The same applies to the soundtrack, which - for anybody who grew up in the 80s - is good enough to be slightly distracting.

So frequent are the track changes - from The Cure, to Bowie, to The Clash - you inadvertently find yourself drifting back in time to Peter Powell's Radio One show and playing imaginary Spot-the-Intro. If you've got an old Sony Walkman stashed away somewhere, now might be a good time to pop it on eBay.

That the show makes Only Fools and Horses feel edgy came as a bit of a surprise, given its creator is the actor Idris Elba.

Image caption Elba in the slightly more serious role of Luther

This is a man who has made his name playing uncompromising tough guys. First off, there was his superb portrayal as the villainous Stringer Bell in The Wire, and then came Luther, the British detective with a penchant for violence.

It's hard playing a hard man, but it's harder still being a funny guy. And maybe even tougher when it is your own story you're sending up, which is the case here.

Idris Elba is the show's creator and star. He plays the newly immigrated Walter Easmon, a character based on his own father, while Sammy Kamara is Kobna, his bright-eyed, asthma-suffering 12-year old son who is - to some extent - the young Idris.

Image copyright Sky One Image caption Sammy Kamara (Kobna), Madeline Appiah (Agnes), Idris Elba (Walter) and Jimmy Akingbola (Valentine)

The back story and set-up are dealt with in the opening scenes, in which we see Walter reading a letter from his mother sent from her home in Sierra Leone.

She congratulates him for coming to London and starting a new life with his wife and child, and then casually drops in that she is sending his younger brother Valentine (Jimmy Akingbola) to live with him, before signing off with "look after my little boy please".

At this point a drop of water falls on the letter, suggesting a tear but proving to be a leak from the flat above, inhabited by Walter's best friend, Bagpipes (Bill Bailey) and his partner Kirsty (Kellie Shirley) and an unresolved issue.

Image copyright Sky One Image caption Walter's neighbour Bagpipes is played by Bill Bailey

Cut to Valentine's arrival at the airport, where we discover he is not a "little boy" at all, but a very big character with an eye for the ladies and an ear for the decks.

Cue much hilarity and some sharp, well-observed scriptwriting as this naïve rascal gets stuck into life in a riot-torn inner city where casual racism is the lingua franca.

Well, that's what was billed. In reality, there's not that much hilarity.

Image copyright Sky One Image caption Sammy Kamara (as Kobna) and Mattie Boys (as Dean)

That's partly down to the writing and partly down to the acting. Jimmy Akingbola is a very welcome screen presence but has a tendency to over-egg things, while Elba can appear a little stiff at times while he waits to deliver a comic line.

The stand-out performance comes from Madeline Appiah as Agnes, Walter's intelligent, responsible wife, who works selling makeup door-to-door to a largely ungrateful clientele.

Image copyright Sky One Image caption Madeline Appiah, as Agnes, delivers the stand-out performance

There are moments where the vibe feels more Grange Hill than a super-sharp 21st century sitcom to compete with the high-quality output regularly produced by Saturday Night Live-hardened writers and performers. But that's okay, because it offers something else.

For starters, it's refreshing to have a story told from a black, British, working-class perspective. And secondly, it is only the beginning.

The optimistic tone set in the first two episodes might be surprising, but it is also compelling. Added to which, it creates a fertile environment for Bill Bailey's deadpan pathos, and a safety net for Valentine to fall into when he's pushed his luck once too often.It's 13:00 on a Wednesday lunchtime and in the Palace of Westminster, a very lively drinks party is in full swing.

In the gracious surroundings of the wood-panelled Jubilee Room, corks are popped, beer is guzzled and lemons fizz in free-flowing G&Ts.

But despite the prodigious volume of liquid being consumed, there aren't any slurred words or collisions with furniture. That's because, contrary to appearances, no alcohol is actually being drunk.

The event is co-organised by Club Soda, a "mindful drinking movement", and is being held to showcase low and alcohol-free drinks.

The group, which has about 15,000 members, was co-founded by Jussi Tolvi and Laura Willoughby. Jussi still enjoys the odd alcoholic tipple, but Laura is teetotal.

"I gave up drinking six years ago and was stuck with a tonic or a really bad non-alcohol beer," says Laura.

"There is demand for good products, but industry is taking time to catch up. Having said that, big companies like Heineken are spending money on creating a beer that tastes like their full-strength product and to me, this shows that it isn't a fad, it's a market shift."

Image caption Jussi Tolvi and Laura Willoughby are the brains behind Club Soda

The demand appears to be borne out in the figures. The Office for National Statistics found that in 2016, 20.9% of Brits drank no alcohol, up two percentage points from 2005.

At the same time, CGA, a food and drink data firm, found that for the on-trade - that's restaurants, bars and festivals etc - sales of no and lower alcohol beers, ciders, wines, spirits and mocktails were £232m in 2017. That's up about 3% on the year before.

Among the MPs ploughing their way through booze-free tipples at the drinks event is Fiona Bruce MP, chair of the all-party Parliamentary Group on Alcohol Harm.

"There are some lovely options: prosecco, G&T, ale and lager," she says. "Later, I'm going to be able to go into the chamber of the House of Commons this afternoon and not be in the least bit woozy."

Botanical buzz

Intrigued, I try a "teetotal G&T" from the Temperance Spirit Company. It's sold 500,000 bottles in the last year and is one of a new breed of adult-focused soft drinks.

Served over ice and with a slice of cucumber, it looks the part. But after the first sip, I'm not convinced; it lacks that deliciously dry bite of the real thing.

Company director Gillian Venning encourages me to persevere: "It takes a while for the flavour to come through, but you'll soon start to taste the botanicals."

The juniper does indeed creep up on me and although that warm ginny buzz is missing, it's far more interesting than the lemonades and colas normally on offer for non-drinkers.

Image copyright Reuters Image caption Alpine skier Linus Strasser is among the German athletes to enjoy a non-alcoholic beer

So why are people drinking less? Jane Peyton, founder of the School of Booze, says there are several reasons: "I recently went to a mindful drinking festival and some people said they weren't drinking because they were pregnant, for others it was religion, but for many it was for health reasons."

Jane's last point chimes with the revelation that during this year's Winter Olympics, German athletes drank gallons of imported non-alcoholic beer.

According to skier Linus Strasser, "It tastes good and it's good for the body. Alcohol-free wheat beer is extremely healthy. It's isotonic. That's why it's good for us sports guys."

'Good karma'

This is music to the ears of Steve Dass, co-founder of Nirvana Brewery. "We're the UK's only alcohol-free brewery," he says.

"It's a holistic movement, we're all vegetarian, we hardly drink, it's about good vibes, good karma and we also have yoga sessions in the brewery."

But do they have good beer? Steve pours me a pint of Karma, a pale ale with an ABV (alcohol by volume) of 0.5%.

Image caption More and more alcohol-free beers are coming on to the market

It's billed as "light, refreshing, with classic citrus and floral hop aromas leading to a dry bitter finish".

As a fan of big, flavourful beers, I like the taste, but it doesn't have the all-important body.

Next up is Chakra, "a hopped pale ale with fresh notes of passion fruit, pine & a light bitter finish".

This is more like it. At 1% ABV it drinks more like something akin to 3.5% and I reckon I'd be hard pressed to tell the difference in a blind tasting.

"Not being able to tell the difference" is something The Big Drop Brewing Co's Chocolate Milk Stout has arguably managed to achieve; it won a silver medal in the 2017 World Beer Awards in competition against full-strength rivals.

Delicate and refined

Although beer is one of the most visible parts of the low and no-alcohol market, the sector in general can be hugely innovative.

Zoe Burgess is head of research and development at the Drink Factory, a bar group and consultancy. At a laboratory in East London, she creates both regular and alcohol-free products.

"The key to making good non-alcoholic drinks is to pay as much attention to them as alcoholic drinks, keeping them delicate, refined, using beautiful glasses," she says. "There's no reason they should be treated any differently."

Image caption Be At One offers nine alcohol-free cocktails

Zoe takes a bag of yellowish liquid from the fridge.

"This is pear shrub syrup. We take whole pears which we slice and cover in caster sugar for a day, add verjus, which is a very delicate vinegar, blend and strain.

"This creates a fine syrup which captures the balance of the pear. We top it up with soda to get that lovely sparkle."

Zoe and her team work with some of the world's most exclusive bars, but non-alcoholic alternatives are also becoming more popular in mainstream outlets. Bar chain Be At One offers nine alcohol-free cocktails.

"In the last 12 to 18 months, we've seen a growth in demand for drinks which are more like cocktails," says area manager Tim Sparrow.

"Customers are coming out with friends or work colleagues, so we're dealing with social experiences as much as the drinks themselves. People don't want to feel as though they're being left out just because they're not drinking."

'More fun'

As a designated driver, TV and radio presenter, Susannah Streeter is often left drinking Virgin Marys and she's keen to try something different, so she joins me in a tasting at the chain's Soho branch. Her verdict is mixed.

First up is the Botanical: Seedlip Garden 108 non-alcoholic spirit plus egg white, apple juice and sugar syrup.

"It's made my eyebrows stand on end! It's got a kick to it and it looks like a champagne cocktail. I also like the glass it's served in."

Image caption Susannah Streeter braved the Bean

The Passionate Pomme is up next, a blend of passion fruit, manuka honey, pomegranate and coconut water.

"I'm not keen, it's sweet and syrupy, a bit like Ribena."

We finish with a Bean: coffee, cream and almond syrup.

"It's quite substantial and I'd get one as a treat, it's more fun than a lime and soda."

So would Susannah order a non-alcoholic cocktail in a bar?

"Yes, if I'd had enough to drink already or I was driving. The choice is usually really boring, so it's nice to have some options."Image copyright Getty Images

The start of April - according to the poet Geoffrey Chaucer - brings showers of sweetness and the melody of the first birdsong.

Rather more prosaically, it also marks the beginning of the tax year.

If you are relatively well-off, the chances are that April will make you richer.

If you are in a low-paid job, you may also be better off, thanks to generous increases in the National Minimum Wage.

Pensioners and recent students will also have reason to celebrate.

However if you are responsible for paying council tax, your bill is likely to rise sharply.

Nine million workers will see their pension contributions triple.

And families on benefits could be more than £300 a year worse off.

Income tax

Almost all taxpayers will be better off as a result of changes to income tax. The point at which workers start paying tax will rise from £11,500 to £11,850, saving basic-rate taxpayers some £70 a year. The level at which workers start paying higher rate tax (40%) will rise from £45,000 to £46,350, saving them considerably more.

However, the rise in income tax thresholds is only going up by inflation. The Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) points out that all other rises since 2010 have been more generous.

You may also be interested in:

Scottish tax

For the first time this April, Scottish taxpayers will have different rates from those in England and Wales. Those earning more than £33,000 - about 45% of the population - will pay more income tax if they live north of the border. However, that leaves about 55% who will be paying less.

Scottish Budget New Income Tax rates 21p New intermediate tax rate from £24,001 to £44,273 19p Starter rate from £11,850 to £13,850

20p Basic rate from £13,851 to £24,000

41p Higher rate from £44,274 to £150,000

46p Additional rate from £150,000

Minimum wage

Rates for the National Minimum Wage - for those under 25 - and the National Living Wage - for those over 25 - are rising by more than inflation. The most generous increase is for 18 to 20-year-olds, whose salaries will rise by 5.3%. Those over 25 who currently earn the bare minimum will see an increase of 4.4%, or 33p an hour. Rates increase on 1 April.

The Office for National Statistics has produced a calculator which shows how you might have to cut back on spending if you earn the National Living Wage.

Student loans

From 6 April, former students will be able to earn more before they have to start paying back their loans. English and Welsh students who took out loans before September 2012, along with students from Scotland and Northern Ireland, will be able to earn £18,330 (up from £17,775) before having to make repayments.

However, English and Welsh students with post-2012 loans will see more significant benefits. Instead of having to start paying back at £21,000, they will now be able to earn up to £25,000. Someone earning £23,500 will save £18 a month, or £206 a year. Someone earning £27,000 will save £45 a month, or £530 a year.

Full details here.

Inheritance tax

Image copyright Getty Images

From this April, those who own a home will face less inheritance tax (IHT) when passing on their estate. There is no increase in the main exemption - the first £325,000 of any estate - but the additional exemption for property will rise from £100,000 to £125,000. That represents a potential saving of up to £10,000 on IHT bills.

Council tax

In England, council tax is going up by an average of 5.1% from 1 April. For the average band D property, it will cost £1,671 - a rise of £81 on last year.

Londoners will see an average increase of £55. Those in county council areas will have to pay £86 more.

English councils were allowed to raise council tax by a maximum of 5.99%, including 3% for those with social care responsibilities.

All Scottish councils are increasing council tax by 3%, the maximum allowed.

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Residents of Pembrokeshire will see council tax rise by 12.5%

Residents of Wales will be hit by some of the largest rises, as no restrictions were applied by the Welsh Assembly. The biggest hike will be in Pembrokeshire, where council tax is going up by 12.5%.

Pensions

From 6 April, nine million workers who have auto-enrolment pensions will have to pay more in. Their monthly contributions will triple, from a minimum of 1% to a minimum of 3%.

Most people will therefore have to pay several hundred pounds a year more. But by doing so, they will also get a 2% contribution from their employer, and more tax relief from the government.

According to figures compiled for the BBC, staying in an auto-enrolment scheme could eventually earn you up to £17,000 a year more in retirement.

From April, the Pensions Lifetime Allowance - the most you can have in a pension pot - is going up from £1m to £1,030,000. Having more than that means paying 55% tax on lump sum withdrawals or 25% on income withdrawals.

Those with a state pension will see their income rise by 3% from 9 April, thanks to the government's triple lock mechanism. The Consumer Prices Index (CPI) rose by 3% in the year to September 2017.

Savers

Not much to celebrate here.

The Help to Save programme - which promises those on benefits a 50% top-up from the government - was to have launched in April, but has now been postponed until October.

The most you can invest in an Isa remains at £20,000, although the maximum for Junior Isas will rise by £132 to £4,260 on 6 April.

The maximum amount you can get from share dividends without being taxed goes down from £5,000 a year to £2,000. Basic rate taxpayers will be charged 7.5% on any dividends over £2,000, while higher rate taxpayers will be charged 32.5%.

Benefits: The freeze continues

About 10 million households will see no increase this year in Child Tax Credit, Child Benefit, Jobseeker's Allowance, some Employment Support Allowance payments and Universal Credit.

Furthermore, this year - the third year of a four-year freeze - will be "the most painful so far", according to the IFS.

Had the freeze not existed, claimants could have expected a 3% increase, in line with last year's September inflation figure. Last year, they missed out on a 1% rise, while in the previous year it was 0%.

The Resolution Foundation has calculated that a typical family with two children will get £315 less this year than they might otherwise have expected had the freeze not been in place.

Support for mortgage interest

From 6 April, about 124,000 benefit claimants - most of them pensioners - will no longer be able to get cash help with their mortgage payments. From then on, the benefit will be converted to a loan, repayable when they sell the house. Citizens Advice has more information.

Sugar tax

Image copyright Getty Images

From 6 April, manufacturers of sugary drinks will have to pay the Sugar Levy. Drinks that contain more than 5% sugar will incur a lower rate; those with more than 8% will be liable to a higher rate. It's thought the levy will put up the price of a typical fizzy drink by about 8p a can.

Water bills

The average combined water and sewerage bill across England and Wales will rise by £9, to £405 a year, from 1 April.

Other taxes

Air Passenger Duty is frozen for short-haul flights, ie those under 2,000 miles. Above that distance, economy seat passengers will pay an extra £3, with first or business class costing £6 extra.

Vehicle Excise Duty will rise for new diesel cars that do not meet the European pollution standard RDE2. The increase will be up to £310 a year.

Tobacco tax is increasing by 2% above RPI inflation each year of this Parliament.

Prescription charges will rise from £8.60 to £8.80 in England. The cost of a three-month subscription remains the same. Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland have abolished such charges.

Fuel duty is frozen for another year.Oops you can't see this activity!

To enjoy the CBeebies website at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

For more help please visit the CBeebies Grown-ups FAQOops you can't see this activity!

To enjoy the CBeebies website at its best you will need to have JavaScript turned on.

For more help please visit the CBeebies Grown-ups FAQImage copyright Matt Cardy Image caption Child burial fees were abolished in Wales last year

The costs of child burials and cremations are to be waived in England to bring them in line with Wales, the prime minister has announced.

Theresa May said the fees will be met by a new Children's Funeral Fund to help parents struggling to pay for funerals for children aged under 18.

It comes after a campaign by Labour MP Carolyn Harris who had to take out a loan to bury her son.

The Swansea East MP called the decision "dignified and compassionate".

Child burial fees were abolished throughout Wales in November following the lengthy campaign by Ms Harris whose eight-year-old son Martin was killed in 1989.

'Dignity and strength'

In response to the government's announcement, she said: "After so much pressure and so much time, families right across the United Kingdom can know that if they're ever in that terrible, terrible position when they lose a child, that there will now be a pot of money available to make sure that child has a dignified and respectful funeral."

Image caption Carolyn Harris MP had to take out a loan to bury her son

Ms Harris told BBC Radio 5 live she was feeling "a mixed emotion" following the campaign, saying it had been a "very tough, painful journey".

"It's for every parent who has to face what me and my husband had to face," she added.

Mrs May hailed the "dignity and strength" of Ms Harris, adding: "In the raw pain of immediate loss, it cannot be right that grieving parents should have to worry about how to meet the funeral costs for a child they hoped to see grow into adulthood.

"In the darkest moment of any parent's life there is little light - but there can be support.

"That is why I have asked for the Children's Funeral Fund to be set up in England; for Carolyn, in memory of her son Martin, and in support of all those parents overwhelmed by such harrowing loss."

Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said the fund was "welcome and wonderful news".

He also paid tribute to Ms Harris' campaign, saying: "No parent who has gone through the heart-breaking experience of losing a child should be left struggling to cover the cost of a funeral."Image copyright Getty Images

Children in the north of England are finishing school with poorer grades and are less likely to go on to further education. That was the conclusion of a report from the Children's Commissioner, Anne Longfield.

It's one in a line of reports pointing to the deep discrepancies that exist between England's schools in all areas of the country.

And it's not always as simple as north vs south.

So what's driving the divide?

There are varying levels of deprivation

There were higher proportions of children claiming free school meals in the north of England and in the West Midlands than in most of the south in January 2017.

Free school meals are often used as a measure of how many children are living with some level of disadvantage.

They are available to children living in households claiming one of a range of income-dependent benefits. Once universal credit - which is replacing six existing welfare payments - is fully rolled out, free school meals will be available to households earning less than £7,400 a year excluding income from benefits.

And many children receiving free school meals in the north of England have been receiving them for longer than children in the south - a measure of long-term, entrenched deprivation.

There are strong links between deprivation and how well children do at school

The link between deprivation and how well children do at school has been well-documented.

It's very difficult to pick apart the reasons for this.

In her report on children in the north of the country's experiences of education, Ms Longfield pointed out that more than half of schools in the poorest neighbourhoods in the north of England were rated less than good by Ofsted. This means children face a "double disadvantage of being from a poor community and attending a weak school", she said.

But Durham University professor Stephen Gorard suggests that schools may be given lower ratings precisely because the children they teach are more deprived.

He thinks the strong correlation between how many children are claiming free lunches in a school and how likely it is to be rated less than good is unlikely to be explained by genuine differences in the quality of teaching.

"Inspections are not taking full account of the nature of disadvantage," Prof Gorard says.

They too often mistake raw scores with how well children are being taught, he adds, cautioning that Ofsted inspectors were "overly impressed by schools' level of attainment" rather than looking at children's progress.

But even accounting for that, there are still regional differences when you look at how well schools are rated in the comparably deprived areas of the country.

London has the highest proportion of outstanding schools - both overall and in its most deprived areas - and the lowest number of schools rated less than good.

The north-east has the second highest proportion of outstanding schools, but also has the second highest number of schools rated less than good after Yorkshire and the Humber.

It's not as simple as north vs south

In 2015, the government produced figures on multiple indices of deprivation looking at seven main things:

Income

Employment

Health deprivation and disability

Education, skills and training

Barriers to housing and services

Crime

Living environment

And this gives you a much more complicated picture - it's not quite as simple as "south=rich, north=poor".

Some of the most and least deprived neighbourhoods can be found all over the country. The figures show that 60% of local authority districts contain at least one of the most deprived neighbourhoods in England.

But there are particular concentrations of deprivation in the north of England, in coastal towns and in major cities including London and Birmingham.

It's important to note that this measure describes the average make-up of an area - not everyone who lives in a more deprived area will be deprived themselves and there are people living in poverty in generally well-off areas.

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption East Jaywick in Essex came out as the most deprived town in England based on the government's multiple indices of deprivation

Is London a special case?

Many parts of the south have higher proportions of pupils achieving A*- C grades at GCSE in English and maths than many parts of the north.

Those are the grades generally needed to progress to post-16 education.

But when you compare children from similar backgrounds, a more particular divide emerges - not between the north and the south but between London and the rest of the country.

In fact the biggest gaps in attainment between the richest and poorest children were in the southern counties of Cambridgeshire, Buckinghamshire and West Berkshire.

Children receiving free school meals in London do much better than children receiving free school meals in all other regions.

There is a much bigger gap between the achievements of the poorest children and their better-off peers in the north, than there is between children of different backgrounds in London.

This gap exists all through the education system and worsens as children get older.

Children receiving free school meals in London are more likely to reach the expected level of social, verbal and physical development by age four than children receiving free school meals in the rest of the country.

They are also more likely to have achieved the expected standard of reading, writing and maths at the end of primary school (Year 6) and fall less far behind their richer peers than children in the rest of the country.

Pupils from all backgrounds in London participate in higher education at higher rates than their peers.

And those who receive free school meals in London are not just more likely than other children from low-income households to go on to higher education - they are more likely to do so than the national average.

But it hasn't always been this way. In 2004, children in London were starting school behind those in the north and behind the national average, but this picture has now reversed.

There's no single reason for this - rather, it is thought to be down to a series of gradual improvements over time, with concentrated efforts by schools and local and central government, starting from the mid-1990s.

In London, the political focus on improving schools over the past two decades came with significant extra funding - something which has not materialised for northern schools.

The capital's larger immigrant population is also thought to play a role in its better than average attainment.

What about the money?

A new funding formula to determine how much money schools receive is being introduced from next year.

That's the calculation used by government to decide how much money a school should receive.

Every school receives the same basic amount per pupil, but this is topped up by extra funding for things like:

Pupils who receive or have previously received free school meals

Children in the care of the state

Children with special education needs

Children who speak English as an additional language

Schools in areas with a high cost of living

The current formula, which is soon to be replaced, is based on old data which led to discrepancies like schools in Bradford receiving £500 more per pupil than schools in Plymouth despite having similar demographics (because their populations were different in 2004).

Urban areas in the south will receive less funding per pupil on average than those in the north and the Midlands. Rural schools generally receive less money than those in urban areas across the country.

On average, schools in London receive the most funding per pupil. The new formula will close the gap slightly but schools in London will continue to receive more money per head than other regions.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Remember getting money back on your empties?

There's no recycling like the recycling of ideas.

A push by UK Environment Secretary Michael Gove to help build a greener future with a financial incentive for people to return bottles and cans bears a striking similarity to a money-making concept enjoyed by hundreds of Welsh school children in times gone by.

Under the new plan, shoppers will be able to avoid a new levy on single-use cans and bottles if they return them for recycling… sounding familiar?

Not so very long ago, generations of Welsh children would hurriedly gather up their empty glass bottles when they heard the clink of the Corona Pop Man's van… (or even his horse-and-cart, for those with longer memories).

In the 1920s each empty yielded a ha'penny, but by the 1980s it had risen to the princely sum of 10p.

As Jason Hughes recalls, growing up in Caernarfon, north Wales in the 1970s, those deposits soon added up.

"The pop man was a God-send. If you'd blown your pocket money, or if you'd been naughty, you could always hunt around the house for some empties.

"I think it took five or six of them to have enough for a full one, which you'd have to down before your mum got home, then hide the bottle under your bed for the next time."

As with so much in Wales, the idea of door-to-door pop deliveries was tied up with the late 19th Century Temperance movement.

Image copyright Corona Advert Image caption The glass bottles could make you 10 pence a pop (pardon the pun)

South Wales valleys-based Corona, along with dozens of similar soft drink brands, were created as a rival to beer, in order to slake the thirst of miners after a shift underground.

While they failed to prove a panacea for drunkenness, they were a massive hit in their own right; so much so that by 1934 Corona spread out opening further factories in Pengam, Maesteg and Bridgend, with over 200 delivery drivers serving the whole of south Wales.

However, with the introduction of plastic bottles and customers preferring to shop in supermarkets, Corona's Porth plant closed in 1987, to be transformed into - fittingly enough - The Pop Factory.

In west Wales however, Tovali kept up the tradition until 2001, but they too were forced to bow to the modern trends.

They now manufacture squash and cordials for the retail sector, and managing director Eurwyn Harris is sceptical about any attempts to turn back the clock.

"Don't get me wrong, I loved the face-to-face contact we had from collecting customers bottles, but we couldn't do that again," he said.

"We had a washery cleaning 5,000 bottles a week in the 1970s, but all that's gone now because we were told plastic was the future."

He added: "The levy is a great idea in theory, but how is it going to work? We don't have a plastic recycling plant, so who's going to collect the empties, and where are they supposed to take them?

"I think it would be far better if the money they collect was spent on educating households about reducing conspicuous usage, and increasing the amount local authorities recycle."Image copyright Getty Images

Relations between Russia and the West are at a new low. But how should we describe the current situation?

There's a lot of loose talk about a new "Cold War" - a comparison of present-day tensions to the bitter ideological and military rivalry that existed between the Soviet Union and the West from the 1950s to the end of the 1980s.

But such comparisons may be misleading.

"The Cold War," says Michael Kofman, a senior research scientist at the CNA Corporation and a fellow at the Wilson Center's Kennan Institute, "was a competition resulting from a bipolar system, where two superpowers, both with economic and military advantages, were competing to shape international politics.

"Their universalist ideologies made this competition inevitable, as did the distribution of power at the time."

In contrast, he says, today's competition is not the result of a balance of power, or universalist ideology per se, but "conscious decisions made by leaders, the strategies they pursued and a series of definable disagreements in international politics". And these were not "destined or inevitable".

'Soft power'

So, while Mr Kofman believes the stakes could prove significant for the United States, the scale and existential nature of the conflict is nothing like the Cold War, nor is Russia in any position to fundamentally alter either the balance of power or the structure of the current international systems. "In short," says Mr Kofman, "the causes and character of the conflict are different."

During the real Cold War there was an armed peace in Europe, while the real battles were fought out across the globe from Angola to Cuba and the Middle East. Today's battle lines are generally much closer to Russia's own borders - Georgia and Ukraine.

There is a very different balance of forces between Russia and the West. Russia also has very limited "soft power", lacking an attractive internationalist ideology to "sell" around the world.

Image copyright EPA Image caption Russia used the 2017 Zapad exercises to showcase its Iskander-M missile

If the Cold War was a battle for global dominance between two universalist ideologies - capitalism and communism - what then is today's competition between Russia and the West really about?

Mr Kofman says that, for Russia, "it is about its survival as a power in the international order, and also about holding on to the remnants of the Russian empire".

"Russian leaders," he says, "are desperate to avert the further fragmentation of Russian influence and territory. They see no way to do this without maintaining buffer states and imposing their will on neighbours to secure their borders."

For the United States, Mr Kofman says, this is a confusing conflict. "One aspect of it", he says, "is a classic tale of hubris and over-extension; that is, too much liberal ideology and not enough thinking about international politics.

"Without any powers to contest American influence for two decades, Washington rightfully took advantage to build what it wanted, but all expansion of influence and power must eventually come with increasing cost, and those costs are starting to multiply in spades."

'Enemy deprivation syndrome'

It is increasingly clear that Russia, and China too for that matter, have not underwritten, and do not subscribe to, the liberal underpinnings of the post-Cold War order. And there is no way for the West to impose its will on these powers. So, in this sense, "great power politics" are back.

But many commentators say the West too has some responsibility for the current situation and playing up the new Cold War idea may only make matters worse.

Lyle Goldstein, a research professor at the US Naval War College, says: "Many in the West seemed to have succumbed to 'enemy deprivation syndrome' after the Cold War. Many national security specialists seem to yearn for a more simple threat that is easily characterised."

Situations in Georgia and Ukraine "seemed to offer the requisite storyline for new Cold War", he says. "However, these situations are incredibly complicated. And those most familiar with the region understand that both situations are a result of the rapid collapse of the Soviet Union with related identity and border issues."

Image copyright AFP

So, what kind of power is Russia today? Mr Kofman describes it as "a weak great power." He says it is "consistently underrated because it historically lags behind the West in technology, political and economic sophistication, but Moscow consistently punches above its economic weight in the international system".

Russia is not, he says, "a declining regional power; quite the contrary".

"Indeed, after a period of internal balancing, military reforms and modernisation, Russia is more than capable of holding ground in its historic backyard, projecting power to other adjacent regions, and, as can be seen. reaching out to exact punishment on distant adversaries via non-military means."

In Nato countries, there is much talk about spending more on defence and of gearing up again to fight what's called a "peer competitor". For that, read Russia.

Some extra defence spending may well be needed - Western allies were far too quick to seek a peace dividend in the wake of the Cold War. But just what kind of military threat does Russia pose to Nato?

Prof Goldstein says Russia's forces are substantially weaker in the aggregate than those of the US and Nato. However, he adds: "Russia has invested wisely in the last 15 years, so that it has preserved certain niche capabilities that give it some advantages."

For example, Nato does not have a real counter to the Russian Iskander tactical nuclear system, and this could pose dilemmas for Nato commanders regarding whether to capitulate or escalate. Russia also has impressive capabilities in artillery and electronic warfare.

'Wars of choice'

But its capacities in cyber- and information warfare are most apparent and pose some of the most pressing challenges. Again, the media and think tanks alike are awash with discussions of an apparently new phenomenon - so-called "hybrid warfare" - a melding and blurring of the boundaries between peace and war at which Russia is perceived to be the new master.

As Mr Kofman notes, "no great power is a monochromatic threat". "In truth," he says, "Russia is both a potent military power in its near-abroad, just as it has the proven ability to conduct political warfare, cyber-warfare, and readily contest the information domain."

But Mr Kofman dismisses the fixation with hybrid warfare, saying this is "just an unintelligible Western reaction, after decades of wars of choice against paltry adversaries, to confrontation with another power that is capable across the full spectrum of conflict".

Prof Goldstein, too, says the obsession with hybrid warfare is problematic. "The real danger," he says, "is miscalculation that could set off a hot war that escalates out of control in either Syria or, most dangerously, in Ukraine."

'Calling Nato's bluff'

The so-called "hybrid" war in Ukraine has been actually shown to be "real war with mostly conventional forces", Prof Goldstein says. Indeed, he argues persuasively that the reason the US and Nato did not contest the Crimea annexation had nothing to do with "hybrid war" and everything to do with the actual military balance and the fact that Crimea and eastern Ukraine were perceived to be a part of Russian "core interests". The Kremlin, he says, "simply called Nato's bluff".

Another problem is that the West may not be using the correct tools in its efforts to influence Russia's behaviour. Indeed, it may not be entirely clear as to what it actually wants from Russia.

"Most of the tools used thus far are about assurance of allies and solving problems in alliance politics," Mr Kofman says, "but there is no discernible theory for how to influence Russian behaviour."

"Diplomatic measures," he says, "are good at maintaining political unity, but nobody in leadership even knows what they want from Moscow. Just trying to get Russia to 'stop' or to retire from international politics, or to capitulate in Ukraine, is not serious thinking - to put it mildly."

Diplomatic expulsions send signals about unity and resolve, but they are unlikely to change minds in Moscow. Most of the experts I speak to say that it is only economic leverage that will compel Russia to weigh up the true cost of its actions.

But beyond that, policy towards Moscow needs to be thought through from the fundamentals, bearing in mind that the repercussions from the chaotic collapse of the Soviet Union are still very much playing out some three decades later.Video

For nearly 40 years, the supersonic Tornado attack bomber has been at the heart of the RAF’s operations, from the Cold War to current missions over Iraq and Syria.

The jet is due to come out of service next year and as the RAF celebrates its centenary, the Today programme's Sarah Montague was taken for a flight by Wing Commander James Heeps.

You can take the full 360 flight here.Image copyright Getty Images

Russian diplomats are being expelled by more than two dozen countries, following allegations - which it denies - that it poisoned a spy in the UK. How much difference will that make to Russia's extensive international presence?

The decision to expel more than 140 diplomats from Russia's embassies will sting - causing it more than just irritation and inconvenience. It has also announced the tit-for-tat expulsions of dozens of diplomats from mainly Western countries.

But the numbers involved are a tiny part of Russia's large international presence.

Russia has 242 diplomatic posts around the world, with 143 embassies, 87 consulates and 12 other diplomatic missions.

Its global network covers 145 countries.

In terms of sheer size it ranks fourth in the world, according to the Lowy Institute's 2017 Global Diplomacy Index, which maps and ranks 60 of the world's most significant diplomatic networks.

Only the United States, China and France have a larger network. The United Kingdom, which ranks seventh on the index, has 225 posts worldwide.

Russia is also expanding its network in strategic locations.

For example it is significantly increasing the size of its Dublin embassy, according to reports.

Seen in this context, the expulsions appear to be less momentous than at first glance.

The co-ordinated actions of the countries that expelled Russian diplomats have been described as the largest in memory.

Memories can be short, of course.

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Vassily Nebenzia, the Russian ambassador to the United Nations, speaks to the media

In mid-2017, Russia itself ordered the removal of 755 members of staff from US diplomatic missions in Russia, in response to sanctions over the annexation of Crimea and allegations of interference in the US elections.

However, the number of actual diplomats expelled was lower because many staff at the US embassies were Russians employed for domestic and administrative services.

Russia, by comparison, does not employ local staff at its missions, probably for security reasons.

Nevertheless, the 2017 episode gives an idea of the sheer scale of both countries' diplomatic presence.

The US State Department has 74,400 employees, 13,700 of whom are in the Foreign Service, with 9,400 posted overseas.

Precise numbers for Russia's foreign service are elusive, but it is likely to have several thousand diplomats. This would not include the undeclared or covert intelligence agents working outside the walls of its embassies and consulates.

In contrast, the UK's Foreign Office has more than 1,600 diplomats posted overseas.

In the UK, 58 Russian diplomats are listed on the UK government's London diplomatic list.

Britain's expulsion of 23 of these officers, therefore, almost halves the size of Russia's mission in London, although the remaining 35 is still a significant contingent.

In the US, which ordered the closure of the Seattle consulate and the expulsion of 60 diplomats, the Washington DC embassy alone has 116 diplomats.

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption People exit the Permanent Russian Mission to the United Nations

In addition, Russia has its New York mission to the United Nations - which plays a key role in its international diplomacy - and three consulates, with about 50 officers.

There are also cultural offices, trade offices, an information office and a defence, military, naval and air attache office in the US.

Russia could be said to be punching above its weight if its diplomatic presence is compared with its global size on most key measures.

It has a military budget about a tenth of the size of the US's, and less than half that of China's, but its diplomatic network is almost the same size as both. It has the eighth largest population and the 12th largest economy in terms of GDP.

Its extensive diplomatic network reflects both its imperial history as a great power in the 19th Century, as well as its Cold War posture. It has a multitude of posts in Eastern Europe and former communist allies including China, Vietnam, Cuba and Angola, as well as legacies of the former USSR in Africa and Asia.

The size of its network reflects the extent of its undiminished global ambition.

The expulsions this week, while significant, may therefore pose only a temporary setback for Russia's diplomatic influence.

However, having a reduced diplomatic presence in the countries who have expelled Russian officials, plus Nato, will impair its efforts in those countries and reduce its trade and cultural activities.

More importantly, though, the cuts may make a sharper dent in its intelligence capabilities, at least in the short term.

It's probable that the expulsions focus on known intelligence agents: Australia for example explicitly identified two expelled officers as "undeclared intelligence agents" - a description the UK also used for all 23 diplomats it expelled.

It may take some time for Russia to replace the agents it has lost with new ones, either within embassies, or outside the protection and immunity of its official diplomatic corps.

More stories like this:

For Russian President Vladimir Putin, himself a former KGB agent, the damage to the Russian intelligence gathering capabilities will be keenly felt.

Russia's decision to expel UK and US diplomats was followed by action against other countries which had expelled its diplomats. It has warned that further expulsions may yet be announced.

These reciprocal expulsions inflict pain on both sides. Russia is the world's largest nation, a permanent member of the Security Council, a top 12 global economy and a leading producer of oil and gas: other countries benefit from having their envoys in Moscow.

Meanwhile, the investigation of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, which is analysing the substance used in the Skripal poisoning, is continuing.

Should the results of that investigation provide evidence of Russia's involvement, the rift between Russia and the rest of the world is only likely to widen.

About this piece

This analysis piece was commissioned by the BBC from an expert working for an outside organisation.

Alex Oliver is research director at the Lowy Institute. She had input from Kyle Wilson, Russia expert at the Centre for European Studies at Australian National University.

More details about the Lowy Institute's work can be found here.

Edited by Duncan WalkerImage copyright Getty Images Image caption "Your typewriter is hilarious!" "No, no, your cigar is side-splitting!"

If you're determined to pull off an elaborate hoax, top tips would seem to include: Be bold, be dedicated - and don't wait for 1 April.

But while pulling the wool over the eyes of the general public is one thing - such as the Panorama spaghetti crop hoax of 1957 - tricking the experts takes another level of cunning.

The following people, who among them fooled doctors, scientists, the Royal Navy and historians, deserve a special mention.

Breeding like... rabbits

Image copyright Alamy Image caption Fifteen bunnies later, Mrs Toft began to regret her passionate evening with Peter Rabbit

Unlikely as it sounds, in the 18th Century a woman called Mary Toft convinced doctors she had given birth to rabbits. Yes, doctors. And yes, rabbits.

Mrs Toft, a servant from Godalming in Surrey, surprised her family by going into labour. Even more surprisingly, she produced something resembling a kitten.

Her explanation was rooted in the long-discredited theory of "maternal impression" - caused by being startled by a rabbit in a field in 1726 . From that moment, she said, she dreamed about, and had a "constant and strong desire" to eat, rabbits.

An obstetrician named John Howard, who seems to have been less than rigorous with his examinations, was convinced by her story. He wrote to some of England's greatest doctors and King George I, informing them of the miraculous births - including the momentous occasion when his patient produced nine dead bunnies.

The King sent his doctor to investigate. The medic, who arrived when Mrs Toft was in labour with her 15th rabbit, was certain she was genuine - and took some of her offspring back to London to show the monarch and Prince of Wales.

A surgeon was then sent by the royal household to have a look. The surgeon, apparently more sensible than the others, examined the rabbits and found that dung inside one of them contained corn - proving it could not have developed inside Mrs Toft's womb.

Meanwhile, Mrs Toft was busy giving birth to other unusual things, including a cat's legs and a hog's bladder.

Medical opinion was divided - until a man was caught sneaking a rabbit into Mrs Toft's room.

She was eventually forced to admit she had manually inserted the dead rabbits and then allowed them to be removed as if she were giving birth.

The hoaxer was later charged with fraud and imprisoned. She spent a few months in prison then returned to relative obscurity.

As for the King's doctor - he met an unhappy end after being convinced by the scam. He published a pamphlet called A Short Narrative of an Extraordinary Delivery of Rabbets but after the ruse was exposed, he lost favour with the court and died a pauper.

A true gift horse

Image copyright larisa_zorina Image caption Actual photograph of Reaper, the Trodmore winner

They say the bookie always wins - but in 1898 a mystery syndicate managed to gammon the establishment and make themselves a tidy sum with an audacious scam.

The Sportsman, a leading racing paper, was contacted by the Trodmore Hunt Club to tell them of the August Bank Holiday meeting at Trodmore Racecourse in Cornwall. All the information generally provided by racecourses - rules, purses, the names of patrons, stewards, sponsors and officials - were provided.

The racecard was a good one, and a man calling himself Mr Martin, from the Trodmore Hunt Club, said he would telegraph the results to the office. The Sportsman printed it.

Bookmakers took bets as usual, and when the results came through punters collected their winnings. The following day, rival newspaper The Sporting Life printed the results after seeing them in The Sportsman.

However, there was a discrepancy in the odds given on one of the winning horses, called Reaper. The Sportsman had it down as 5-1, while Sporting Life had it at 5-2.

The newspapers needed to check which was correct, so tried to contact the racecourse.

At the same time, bookmakers were suffering after having to pay out on Reaper - a horse nobody had heard of. Some of them started to investigate its pedigree.

It emerged that there was no such place as Trodmore, let alone a racecourse. The people behind the hoax had made themselves hundreds of thousands of pounds by betting on non-existent horses, in non-existent races on a non-existent track in a non-existent village.

They were never caught.

You might also be interested in:

The BBC ghost spoof that duped a nation

Buried diggers and knighted meat

Odd laws you may unknowingly break

A Woolf in sheik's clothing

Image copyright Chronicle / Alamy Stock Photo Image caption Virginia Woolf (far left) and her merry band of posh pranksters managed to annoy the Admiralty - and presumably, the Abyssinians

When not pioneering the use of stream of consciousness as a narrative device, Edwardian novelist Virginia Woolf and her Bloomsbury chums were not averse to a practical joke.

In 1910, a telegram was sent to HMS Dreadnought which was then moored in Portland Harbour, Dorset. The message, purportedly signed by the Foreign Office, said the ship must be prepared for an imminent visit by a group of Abyssinian princes.

Six of the jesters turned up and despite their crude costumes of turbans and beards glued to their chins, the "princes" were welcomed with an honour guard and given a 45-minute tour of the vessel.

Soon after they left, some of the sailors began to have doubts about the "Abyssinians". One of the officers reported that he thought the "interpreter had a false beard".

The following day, the ringleader of the trick, Horace de Vere Cole, pranced into the Foreign Office and told them of the hoax.

He also contacted the press. The Daily Express reported with barely-disguised glee on how "the 'princes' were shown everything - the wireless, the guns and the torpedoes, and at every fresh sight they murmured in chorus 'bunga bunga'".

For a few days the navy was something of a laughing stock. Sailors were greeted with cries of "bunga, bunga" wherever they went.

The Admiralty was embarrassed and annoyed, and wanted the posh pranksters to be prosecuted - but as they had broken no laws, the issue faded.

The story of the hoax continued to resonate, nowhere more so than in the navy itself. The mocking phrase even ended up in a Portland music hall song:

"When I went on board a Dreadnought ship,

"Though I looked just like a costermonger,

"They said I was an Abyssinian prince,

"Because I shouted Bunga Bunga.".

Of the group, only Cole, who sounds exhausting, continued to revel in such japes.

Ruffled feathers

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption "Just. Look. Natural."

The Hastings Rarities affair was a long-running ornithological fraud eventually exposed by a statistician.

A taxidermist called George Bristow was a dab hand at stuffing birds. His glass-eyed aviary was used as a register of the birds that had been found in Hastings and its surroundings, leading to their inclusion on the official list of the British Ornithologists' Union. An extraordinary array of rare species of birds was reported from a very small area in a very short time.

Between 1892 and 1930 Mr Bristow had stuffed more rare birds than all other British taxidermists combined. It was later believed he had succeeded in his deception by importing frozen birds from other countries and claiming they were found in his neighbourhood.

It wasn't until the August 1962 issue of British Birds magazine that the fraud was exposed. John Nelder published his article A Statistical Examination of the Hastings Rarities which led to many of the birds being removed from the official list.

However, Mr Bristow may have known what he was on about - as eventually almost all of the expunged birds were readmitted to the list after they were genuinely proven to be in the country. Although not all in Hastings, all at the same time.

Missed the boat

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Don't tell the Library of Congress

The very first newspaper to have existed was a German publication issued in 1594 - but in 1776 an English historian, Dr. Thomas Birch stirred things up when he donated a bundle of documents to the British Museum with no explanation of their origin or context. Included in the bequest was a manuscript and two printed copies of The English Mercurie, dated 23 July, 1588.

It contained an account of the English battle with the Spanish Armada. The typeset and archaic spelling led people to accept the document as real.

Its existence remained unquestioned for 60-odd years. Then in 1839, the keeper of printed books at the British Museum, Thomas Watts, came upon the original manuscript in the archives. He compared it to other examples of Dr Birch's correspondence and recognised the handwriting as that of Birch's friend Philip Yorke, second Earl of Hardwick. The two had apparently created The English Mercurie as a literary game.

However, although the hoax was debunked nearly 200 years ago, copies of the Mercurie are still mistakenly referred to as factual accounts - and both the National Library of Australia and the Library of Congress have it catalogued among historical documents from the Tudor and Stuart periods.

Made in Taiwan?

Image caption "I eat wives and snakes, you know. Underground."

George Psalmanazar, a blond-haired man with blue eyes, convinced English intellectuals of the 18th Century that he was the first native of Formosa - modern day Taiwan - to visit Europe. His accounts of life on Formosa were popular with London society and he was persuaded to write a book about his "homeland".

He spoke in Latin and claimed men in Formosa wore nothing but a metallic disc to preserve their modesty, that husbands were allowed to eat their wives if they were unfaithful, and the hearts of young boys were sacrificed to the gods every year. A healthy Formosan breakfast involved chopping the head off a viper and sucking its blood out.

He was invited to speak at public events and was also questioned by Edmund Halley - he of comet fame - at the Royal Society. The eminent astronomer disbelieved Psalmanazar's tale, and asked questions designed to expose him.

Undaunted, Psalamanazar replied to them all with a flamboyant insouciance, seemingly having an explanation for everything. When asked why his skin was so pale, he said he was a member of the Formosan aristocracy which lived underground.

Psalmanazar never revealed his real name or where he was from - although in his memoirs, which were published posthumously, he admitted his persona and background were entirely made up.

His books - An Historical and Geographical Description of Formosa, and Memoirs of ****. Commonly known by the name of George Psalmanazar; a reputed native of Formosa - are both still available in several languages.For many, Mary is a symbol of purity and strength; a sinless young woman selected by God and entrusted with the duty of giving birth to Jesus.

Followers of Christianity and Islam have different views on the role Jesus played. Christians believe he was the son of God, while Muslims believe he was his messenger



However, both religions agree on Mary’s significance.

In Painting the Holy Land, a special two-part series for Holy Week, artist Lachlan Goudie met people from both faiths who revealed to him why Mary plays an important part in their lives.Legendary composer Andrew Lloyd Webber has just turned 70, and Radio 2 will be celebrating his birthday with some special programming over the Easter Weekend.

The British icon is best known for his hits written for musical theatre, from Don't Cry For Me Argentina (Evita) to Any Dream Will Do (Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat.) However, he has written a few other songs that you might not know about...On 14 January 1970, Leonard Bernstein, the famed New York Philharmonic conductor and West Side Story composer, hosted a gathering along with his wife Felicia in their apartment in Manhattan's Upper East Side. In attendance were some of the wealthiest movers and shakers of the New York arts world, including Otto Preminger, Sidney and Gail Lumet, and Barbara Walters, as well as several members of the Black Panther Party.

The Black Panthers were an organisation fighting for equal rights for African-Americans, but whose radical socialist rhetoric was the cause of much concern for many Americans, and particularly the American government. FBI Director J Edgar Hoover called the Black Panther Party "the greatest threat to the internal security of the country" – for them to be invited to the home of an American celebrity was very strange indeed.

The event was a fundraiser organised by Felicia Bernstein, already known as a prominent anti-war and civil rights activist. The party was intended to raise money in aid of the “Panther 21”, who were 21 Black Panther members in jail, charged with conspiring to kill police and various bomb plots around New York. They had been held without trial for nine months, with bail set so high it was effectively impossible for them to pay, and without resources to prepare for their defence.

After an hour of socialising, the wealthy party guests were invited to listen to one of the Black Panther leaders, Field Marshall Donald Cox, list the Party’s manifesto and explain the situation the Panther 21 found themselves in. Then they solicited donations from the party guests, with funds going to help pay for legal fees and to support the families of the imprisoned Panthers.

Members of the press were pointedly not invited to the Bernsteins' meeting, but two journalists managed to sneak in regardless and the next two days saw the New York Times reporting on this event as "group therapy plus fund-raising soirée" which "mocked the memory of Martin Luther King Jr".

The Bernsteins and Don Cox vehemently objected to their intentions being portrayed as anything but genuine, with Felicia responding to the newspaper: "The frivolous way in which it was reported as a 'fashionable' event is unworthy of the Times, and offensive to all people who are committed to humanitarian principles of justice."

The legacy of that night, rightly or wrongly, is that it led to writer Tom Wolfe coining the phrase Radical Chic as the title of his satirical New York Magazine article, lampooning the way the liberal elite found it fashionable and fun to take an interest in the social issues of the day.

It was within this article that the above image was originally printed. Wolfe was the one who called the photographer Stephen Salmieri to the party. Salmieri recounts that Wolfe phoned him from the Bernsteins' bedroom, telling him to come with his camera, and 20 minutes later he was there.

Salmieri remembers arriving at the door ready to shoot with his umbrella light on and ready to go. Felicia Bernstein answered the door and upon announcing that he was the photographer she welcomed him warmly, offering him a drink, despite his lack of an official invitation.

Within 30 seconds of arriving Salmieri took his first image in the Bernsteins' hallway, which just happened to be the image of the night - capturing the Bernsteins with Don Cox.

He recalls a smoke-filled room with a relaxed and unselfconscious atmosphere where the Bernsteins and Don Cox seemed like old friends happily discussing what a great breakthrough the event was whilst also planning for their next event. Salmieri put his success down to the fact that: "I learnt not to look like a news photographer but an event photographer."

The Panther 21 were eventually acquitted of all charges in May 1971.Welcome to the OASIS, a hyper-realistic, virtual reality videogame paradise, where you can be anyone, own anything, go anywhere. It's 2045, and everyone has given up on “real life”, instead logging in daily to escape their otherwise terrible lives. Orphaned teenager Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan), along with the rest of the world, has a life-consuming mission: to find an “Easter egg” hidden inside the OASIS by its ‘80s-obsessed wackadoodle creator, James Halliday (Mark Rylance), for the chance to win the ultimate prize: ownership of the OASIS itself. Helping him out are couple of fellow egg hunters – called “gunters” – Art3mis (Olivia Cooke) and Aech (Lena Waithe), but in his way stands the evil corporation known as “Innovative Online Industries”, headed up by Nolan Sorrento (Ben Mendelsohn). Some guy called Steven Spielberg directs.

Pros:

Ready Player One is unapologetically, delightfully, astoundingly geeky: a supermarket sweep of ‘80s nerdery, a two-hour gaming-themed fireworks display, a breezy blockbuster about sticking it to the MMORPGing man. It’s zippy, a bit silly and occasionally a lot of fun, bound to put a smile on any nostalgic nerd’s face. What I’m trying to say is this: it’s dorky, it’s enjoyable, it’s a bit different. You might like it.

The envelope-pushing special effects used by legendary director Steven Spielberg – 71 and still swinging – produce some jaw-dropping moments. There are some incredible technical achievements at play here, with the filmmakers required to create not only a ‘real-life’ American dystopia but also an entirely CGI gaming universe to boot. This isn’t just actors playing pretend in front of a green screen, this is like a 2-hour triple-A PS4 game, with the characters in the OASIS making you feel for them, care for them, root for them. Wet eyes, realistic hair and fluid body movement… they pull off some minor miracles to get you involved.

When you think about the sheer gumption required to make this movie – a film about a game about films and games and TV and everything else in pop culture – Ready Player One, despite its flaws, stands tall as a marvel of that perpetually illusive “anything is possible” attitude. This is a mad, magical movie only Steven Spielberg could pull off. The licensing team alone deserve some sort of special one-off Oscar, as you can look forward to allusions to everything from The A-Team to The Last Action Hero, not forgetting Gremlins, King Kong and Knightrider and much more besides.

Cons:

So it’s a bit of fun, but Ready Player One also feels a touch flimsy. What is it actually about? Really? Telling big business where to stick it through the medium of VR? It’s an enjoyable watch but there doesn’t feel like there’s much more to it than that. You could say that’s all it needs to be – fun – but let’s not forget this is Spielberg here, and he’s delivered popcorn entertainment with real messages time and again, from Jaws to Jurassic Park, and with what’s happening with silicon valley in the news every day, you know there could have been more here.

The other question that hangs over the movie is this: Who is this for? People in their 40s who get every ‘80s reference but who are also 12-year-old kids up for a bit of light-hearted blockbustery? Hang on, there are quite a few of those about… maybe they’re onto something.

Much like the book on which it’s based by Ernest Cline, Ready Player One needs more character development, more depth generally. The story is just too A to B to C to stand up to too many repeat viewings: the narrative thrust is much like old-fashioned computer games, collecting keys and earning points, and while that’s a neat bit of meta-textuality, as a cinemagoer, you may want something with more texture, grit and purpose.

Three word review: Please insert coinThis crowd is made up of priests on a pilgrimage in Bucharest, Romania, ahead of Orthodox Palm Sunday. Many Orthodox churches base their Easter date on the Julian calendar, not the Gregorian calendar used by Western countries. This year, Orthodox Easter Sunday will fall on 8 April.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Cardinal Vincent Nichols says the idea of a burning Hell is not part of Catholic teaching (pic shows Pope Francis)

The Vatican has denied that Pope Francis told a well-known Italian journalist that "there is no hell".

The quote came in an article in Italy's La Repubblica daily. But the Vatican said "no quotations" in the article "should be considered as a faithful transcription" of the Pope's words.

The Vatican said the article was based on a private meeting the Pope had with the daily's founder, Eugenio Scalfari.

Catholic Church doctrine affirms the existence of hell and its eternity.

The souls of sinners descend into hell, where they suffer "eternal fire", the Catholic catechism states.

However, Cardinal Vincent Nichols, the most senior Catholic in England and Wales, said "there's nowhere in Catholic teaching that actually says any one person is in hell".

He told the BBC that the Pope was apparently exploring "the imagery of hell - fire and brimstone and all of that".

"That's never been part of Catholic teaching, it's been part of Catholic iconography, part of Christian iconography," he said.

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Hell is fundamental to Christian iconography, as in this 16th-Century engraving

According to Scalfari's article on Thursday, he asked the Pope where "bad souls" go and where they are punished. The journalist is an avowed atheist.

"Souls are not punished," the Pope was quoted as saying in the Repubblica piece. "Those who repent obtain God's forgiveness and go among the ranks of those who contemplate him, but those who do not repent and cannot be forgiven disappear. There is no hell - there is the disappearance of sinful souls."

The Vatican said it had not been an interview, but a private meeting on the occasion of Easter, and Scalfari's article "is the fruit of his reconstruction".Every day we play you a track that has just grabbed our attention. As soon as we hear it, we send it into the digital ether for you all to enjoy. Sometimes it's an exclusive, sometimes it's a favourite artist and, at other times, it'll be someone brand new. Here's this week's choice selection. Just click on the links to see the full Just Added playlist:

Unknown Mortal Orchestra - Everyone Acts Crazy Nowadays

We began the week with a bang, and the first play anywhere of a new track from Unknown Mortal Orchestra. It’s the third track to be released from their upcoming new album Sex & Food (and follows Not In Love We’re Just High and the funk and fuzzy-guitar-filled American Guilt). Ruban Nielson’s sweet jazzy chord changes bring to mind Donald Fagan circa I.G.Y. which, anyone familiar with Lauren’s deep-rooted love for Steely Dan, will know is high praise indeed.

Stephen Malkmus & The Jicks – Shiggy

This track’s taken from the Pavement frontman’s new album Sparkle Hard - his seventh with the Jicks - which will be released 18th May and will also feature guest vocals from his former tour mate and alt rock queen, Kim Gordan (on a track called Refute). The new album was recorded in Portland, at the studio of the producer and brilliantly-named Decemberist Chris Funk. Shiggy's lyrics are typically enigmatic but, according to Stephen, the song's an “ode to underdogs everywhere, with bittersweet words of encouragement”.

Hayley – Bratt

We marked midweek with news that we’re celebrating Record Store Day 2018, at Spillers in Cardiff (established when wax cylinder was the format of choice, back in 1894). Hayley – who’s adopted the single name as her musical moniker – will be performing live in session for us on Friday 20th April, on Record Store Day Eve - before releasing Bratt on 7” (with the track My Wave, on the flip side). Haley says: “Bratt was intended to be sung from a teenage perspective, appropriating that unsentimental attitude while simultaneously looking back at yourself at that age, all of the insecurities that went along with it, letting go of your self-judgement on the past."

John Parish & PJ Harvey – Sorry For Your Loss

This song re-unites Polly Jean with her frequent collaborator and producer John Parish and pays tribute to Mark Linkous, who took his own life, back in 2010. Linkhouse released four acclaimed albums with Sparklehorse (with Parish producing 2001’s A Wonderful Life) and also collaborated with the likes of Tom Waits, David Lynch and Danger Mouse. After a life that featured addiction, rehab, chronic pain, and depression, the lyrics feel particularly poignant, as the pair say farewell to a friend: "I'm sorry for your loss of will, to keep the fire burning still. The sun never felt colder." This track will feature on Parish's upcoming album Bird Dog Dante, which is due out on the 15th June.

Khadja Bonet – Mother Maybe

Khadja (pronounced Kad-ya) is a singer-songwriter from LA, who performed at the 6 Music Festival in Glasgow last year. Her second album, Childqueen, will be released on 8th June. It was recorded over two years, between performances to increasingly larger audiences, and in studios scattered throughout the globe – from Paris, to Berlin, Amsterdam, London, Copenhagen, and even in hotel rooms in Barcelona and Brussels. The talented Ms Bonet wrote, recorded, and produced every element of Childqueen, from the string arrangements to the album artwork. And this first taste is delightfully slinky, with a message of female power at the core. She says: "Mother Maybe isn't about my mother, it's about the mother I may be. It's about a moment, a realization, in which I remembered how powerful women are in this world, that we create life, and I felt strong."

You can hear all the tracks via the Just Added Playlist

Discover more new music with 6 Music Recommends

<<Last weekLike many of today’s biggest-selling pop stars Sheena Easton was introduced to the public on a reality programme, but she points out that much more is expected of today’s stars.

“I’m glad I’m not a young artist starting out today,” she admitted on Sheena Easton Now.

“They expect them to be on Twitter and Instagram all the time. They expect them to document what they had for lunch that day.”

“I’m a very private person; I wouldn’t have handled that well. It would have made me crazy.”

Sheena entered the public gaze in 1980 when, as a 19-year-old student, she appeared on the BBC programme The Big Time, in which she competed to win a recording contract.

She succeeded and went on to score top ten hits in the UK with 9 to 5 and Modern Girl. In the US, 9 to 5 reached number one but was renamed Morning Train to avoid confusion with the Dolly Parton song of the same name.Image copyright MACQUARIE MEDICAL IMAGING Image caption Recent tests on the sarcophagus included CT scans

Scientists in Australia have discovered the remains of a mummy in a 2,500-year-old coffin that was previously classified as empty.

The sarcophagus had been left untouched at a university museum in Sydney for more than 150 years.

When scientists opened the coffin last year, they were surprised to find the remains of human feet and bones.

Researchers said the remains were previously damaged, probably by tomb raiders.

Archaeologist Dr Jamie Fraser said the discovery, only now made public, had been a remarkable moment.

"It was just unbelievably astonishing what we saw - one of those moments where you can't help but take in a breath and just hang in the moment," said Dr Fraser, from the Nicholson Museum at the University of Sydney.

"I've never excavated an Egyptian tomb, but this comes close."

Identification effort

The sarcophagus was one of four sourced from Egypt around 1860 by the museum's founder. A handbook later classified it as empty.

Dr Fraser said the "dowdy-looking and nondescript" object had received little attention while Egyptologists studied the other coffins, which appeared more impressive and had complete mummies.

Image copyright NICHOLSON MUSEUM/UNIVERSITY OF SYDNEY Image caption Excavation on the contents of the coffin concluded last week

Experts will try to identify the mummy, which was "badly torn apart" and ransacked by tomb raiders at some point in history. Only about 10% of the body remains in the coffin.

Dr Fraser said its hieroglyphics date to about 600BC and show that it was built for a woman named Mer-Neith-it-es, who was either a priestess or a worshipper.

Computed tomography (CT) scans and an excavation were finished last week. It located several bones, bandages, resin fragments, and more than 7,000 beads from a funeral shawl.

Dr Fraser said he hoped that radiocarbon testing would prove that the person died around 600BC. If it does, it is probable "that this person belongs to the coffin and, if it is a woman, it is likely Mer-Neith-it-es", he said.

Research opportunity

The find may present research opportunities because modern scientists do not perform physical tests on complete mummies, experts said.

"But in this case we can't do anything to the remains that the tomb raiders haven't already done," said Dr Fraser.

"In fact, by doing this process of excavation we can stabilise the remains and conserve them properly."

Image copyright MACQUARIE MEDICAL IMAGING Image caption The remains will now undergo radiocarbon testing

Prof John Magnussen, a radiologist from Macquarie University who scanned the coffin, also said the discovery was remarkable.

It had changed "what could have just been a pile of dirt and debris into a real archaeological find", he said.Image copyright PA

Filling this year's Panini World Cup sticker book costs £773.60, twice the cost for Euro 2016, according to maths expert Prof Paul Harper.

The pages contain 32 squads of players, plus managers, stadiums and World Cup legends, totalling 682 stickers.

A pack of five stickers has risen from 50p to 80p - a 60% increase.

If you buy 137 packets and never get the same sticker twice, it will cost £109.60, but this is "extremely unlikely", says the professor.

Prof Harper, from Cardiff University's School of Mathematics, worked out a formula to include the least probable number of duplicate stickers.

In the end, he demonstrated that on average you would need to buy 4,832 stickers - or 967 packets - to complete the Italian-made book.

Sticking point

One cost-saving measure is swapping stickers between friends, but even with that tactic, filling the album would be expensive.

With 10 friends swapping, it could still cost them an average of £247 each to complete the album, according to the professor's calculations.

You might also like to read:

'Plastic attack' packaging protesters hit Tesco

'Youngest councillor' dies suddenly aged 21

Canadian buys lottery ticket on 18th birthday and wins jackpot

In a statement, Panini said: "If you have difficulty swapping, you can send off to Panini for your missing stickers."

"The theoretical cost calculated by the academics assumes that the collector is in a bubble with no one to swap with or no access to the internet to send off to our missing stickers service."

In 2016, he made the same calculations for the 680-space Euro sticker book. It was £374, meaning the cost has more than doubled.

While the Euro competition only had 24 squads - fewer than the World Cup - there were only two fewer stickers in the book printed two years ago.

"I can still recall the joy of finally completing my first Panini album as a young boy for the 1982 World Cup in Spain," said Prof Harper.

"Filling an album has become progressively more expensive over the years since then, not just because there are typically more teams competing now, but because Panini have become more creative about allocating spaces."Image copyright Carnival Cruise Line Image caption Darian Lipscomb and his family will fly to Barcelona for the cruise

Carnival Cruise Line has convinced a 15-year-old teenager in the US state of Virginia to trade his Snapchat handle for a free family cruise.

Darian Lipscomb of Prospect, Virginia, was surprised to find company representatives at his home requesting his @CarnivalCruise name.

"I answered the door, walked outside and saw my name on a big truck," the teenager told local media.

In exchange the company offered a free trip to Spain for his family.

He and his family will be flown to Barcelona on 31 March for the maiden voyage of the company's newest ship, the Carnival Horizon.

Image copyright Carnival Cruise Line Image caption Carnival Cruise Line tracked Darian down with a poster campaign in his home town of Prospect

According the Richmond Times-Dispatch newspaper, the offer was worth over $5,000 (£3,500).

"When I was 9 years old, I went on a cruise and got really excited and wanted to share it with my friends," Darian told the newspaper.

He created the Snapchat handle @CarnivalCruise in 2012 and used it to share images of his trip while onboard the ship.

The company said Darian - who has already been on four Carnival cruises - and his family can expect more surprises and gifts throughout the journey.

"We thought this would be a fun way to claim our handle and reward a 'superfan' at the same time," said Robyn Fink, a spokeswoman for Carnival Cruise.

The company put up signs throughout the teenager's town featuring the Carnival Cruise's newly appointed chief fun officer, NBA star Shaquille O'Neal, with the caption: "Hey Prospect, does anyone know Darian?"

Darian says he has not yet chosen a new Snapchat handle, but joked he might claim another company name.

You may also like:Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption North Korean leader Kim Jong-un clapped along, like many others at the concert

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and his wife have watched South Korean K-pop stars perform in a rare event in Pyongyang.

Mr Kim clapped along and then met performers backstage where he conversed and took pictures, said reports.

It is the first musical delegation to visit in more than a decade as the leaders of the two countries on the divided peninsula prepare to meet.

More than 11 acts are in Pyongyang for two shows.

The North sent performers to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea earlier this year.

The exchanges come amid thawing relations between the Koreas after months of tension.

The concert, titled Spring is Coming, took place on Sunday evening local time at the 1,500-seat East Pyongyang Grand Theatre, said South Korean media.

The delegation, which combines K-pop, rock and other genres, is set to perform again on Tuesday.

Mr Kim is the first North Korean leader ever to attend a performance by an artistic group from the South, said South Korea's official news agency, Yonhap.

Image copyright AFP Image caption The South Korean musicians rehearse before the performance

His sister Kim Yo-jong and the country's nominal head of state Kim Yong-nam are also said to have attended.

Kim Jong-un "showed much interest during the show and asked questions about the songs and lyrics", the South's culture minister Do Jong-hwan told journalists, according to Reuters news agency.

Earlier, a North Korean audience also watched a South Korean taekwondo squad perform, this time without Mr Kim.

Mr Kim has agreed to hold summits with South Korean President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump.

He met Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing last week during his first overseas trip.

The third inter-Korean summit - there were also meetings in 2000 and 2007 - is due to be held on 27 April. No date has been set for the US-North Korean summit.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption There are high-flying kicks galore as South Korean taekwondo athletes perform in Pyongyang before the music concert

Meanwhile, the US and South Korea have begun their annual military drills, which have been scaled down compared with previous years as both countries prepare for talks with North Korea.

Although nearly 300,000 South Korean troops and 24,000 American troops will take part, the drill will be a month shorter than usual and will not involve nuclear submarines.

In the past, the drills have infuriated North Korea but correspondents say that this time Pyongyang is keeping relatively quiet. Mr Kim reportedly told visiting South Korean officials that he understood that the exercises had to go ahead.

The musicians performing in Pyongyang include:

Red Velvet

A five-member girl group, Red Velvet headlined at the Pyeongchang Games this year.

The popular quintet who first formed in 2014 are still seen as relative newcomers, but have already managed to scoop up their fair share of awards.

They have also got a large following on social media, with some 4.5 million followers on Instagram alone.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rock band YB will also be performing in North Korea

Seohyun

A member of undoubtedly one of Korea's most famous K-pop groups, Seohyun made her music debut in 2007 as a member of the all-female Girls' Generation.

Image copyright AFP/Getty Images

The group shot to stardom in 2009, making Seohyun one of today's most recognisable K-pop singers.

In February, the 26-year old performed alongside North Korea's 137-strong Samjiyon Orchestra, which was part of North Korea's art troupe during the recent Winter Games.

Choi Jin-hee

The 61-year-old singer's 1984 song Love Maze was said to have been a hit across the Korean peninsula and can still be heard playing in Pyongyang restaurants.

It is also said to have been a favourite of Kim Jong-un's father, Kim Jong-il.

This is Mrs Choi's fourth time performing in the North.

Cho Yong-pil

An industry veteran, Cho is considered one of the most influential figures in South Korea's music scene.

Image copyright EPA Image caption Cho Yong-pil (r) arrives in Pyongyang

In an interview with Billboard in 2013, the 68-year-old singer was dubbed a "K-pop legend".

This is not his first performance in North Korea.

Mr Cho made his first debut in Pyongyang in 2005, where he held a solo concert attended by some 7,000 North Koreans - making him the most recent South Korean singer to perform in the North.

Lee Sun-hee

Another iconic singer in South Korea, Lee Sun-hee first made her debut in 1984.

The now 53-year-old travelled to the North for a joint concert in 2003, which marked the opening of the Ryugyong Chung Ju-yung Gymnasium - one of the performance venues for the upcoming concert.Space lab will fall to Earth 'within hours'

The defunct station is hurtling towards Earth but chances of it falling into your garden are slim.Each year, 150,000 people hike Scotland’s Ben Nevis – a former volcano and Britain’s highest mountain, at 1,345m (4,400ft) above sea level. Many opt to take the so-called tourist trail, the rocky path which winds and zigzags its way to the summit. Few realise that this path was initially carved out in 1883 for a very unique scientific expedition. Even fewer know that now, more than a century later, this site is providing UK scientists with insights into climate change.

Back in Victorian Britain, science was still largely an amateur pastime conducted by bands of self-financed enthusiasts who formed scientific societies. One was the Scottish Meteorological Society, which set up and maintained a network of weather stations across Scotland between 1855 and 1920.

Advertisement This media cannot be played on your device. Are you ready to unlock Britain’s best-kept secrets? London and surrounds offer an irresistible cacophony of nightlife, food and drink, natural wonders and world-leading culture for you to check out. We’ve delved into London and its neighbouring cities of Brighton, Bristol, Liverpool and Manchester – all within approximately 2 hours – to unlock their best-kept secrets. Whether you're in town for a couple of hours, a few days or a week, allow yourself to be swept up by Britain's allure. Click here to find out more

At the time, a key question was how depressions, storms and other severe climatic events form in the atmosphere. By 1875 mountain observatories were being established across the US, Mexico, India, France, Germany and Russia.

You might also like:

• The secret lab inside a famous monument

• The island with extraordinary electricity

• The UK’s hidden underground ‘fortress’

Keen to gather similar data for Britain, the Scottish Meteorological Society decided to build a weather station at the top of Ben Nevis. For a trial run, one particularly intrepid member scaled the mountain every day for four months – through blizzards, gales, and heavy storms – to record measurements at the summit. Funding to build the station and obtain the instruments was raised through a kind of 19th-Century crowdfunding initiative. Even Queen Victoria donated.

And so began a remarkable experiment in Victorian stoicism and scientific endeavour. From 1883 to 1904, a few hardy individuals lived year-round in a small stone hut, surviving on tinned food and making hourly recordings of everything from atmospheric temperature to humidity, wind speed to rainfall. In total they made almost 1.5 million observations – often going to extraordinary lengths and risking their lives to record data in the most hostile of conditions.

“Many of their scientific contemporaries were involved in planning Arctic or Antarctic expeditions but these guys were pioneering explorers of the atmosphere,” says Ed Hawkins, professor of climate science at the University of Reading.

“They were living in very severe weather conditions: 100mph winds were not uncommon, the temperature would drop to -15C (5F) at times, and they lived inside a cloud for most of the year. But on the rare occasions the cloud was below them, they got the most amazing views. So I suspect they lived for those days where they could see for miles and miles around.”

The harsh realities of life at the top of a mountain quickly became apparent during the first winter of 1883. With heavy blizzards leaving the entire summit covered in a 5ft (1.5m) layer of snow, the three weathermen found themselves snowed in to such an extent that they had to repeatedly dig tunnels just to get out.

“They were very committed to try and take these measurements every hour, working in four to eight hour shifts throughout day and night. But very occasionally they were beaten by the weather,” Hawkins says.

Rather than being thwarted by their extreme living environment, the weathermen developed ingenious solutions like building a wooden tower which allowed them to crawl out onto the roof of the observatory, tethered to a rope, to take instrument readings in adverse weather. Occasionally they even resorted to using their own bodies to lean into the wind in order to calibrate estimates of wind speed – an activity which sometimes saw them almost blown off the mountain.

“The main danger they faced was that they were very close to the edge of the cliff,” says Marjory Roy, who wrote the book The Weathermen of Ben Nevis. “The summit is a longish ride, just 200ft (61m) wide with a sheer drop on the north side of 2,000ft (610m).”

“They also used to take measurements at a place high on the mountain known as ‘the plateau of storms’, and the path there was fairly narrow. If you weren’t careful, you would disappear off the cliff completely.”

Blizzards and precarious mountain paths were far from the only scares the weathermen faced. On a couple of occasions the observatory was struck by lightning. The first time, the lightning came down the chimney and set the wooden lining of the building on fire. (The blaze was extinguished.)

During the summer and autumn months, when life was a little less arduous, the observatory attracted a number of volunteers, mostly students. One was Charles Wilson, who was inspired to study clouds by his experience at the top of the mountain. He later won the Nobel Prize in Physics for the invention of the cloud chamber, the first device to make it possible to detect radiation and subatomic particles which we cannot see with the naked eye.

“Wilson was only there for two weeks, but during that time he got the most brilliant period of anticyclonic conditions and glorious views,” Roy says. “It was those things which inspired people. There were a number of people whose experiences up there influenced them to go on and discover things which made them famous.”

By 1904, the Scottish Meteorological Society could no longer afford the observatory’s running costs. It was closed down, and the data largely has remained hidden in the dusty pages of archives ever since.

Second life

Today, we have advanced weather forecast models – which are capable of using the kind of data taken at Ben Nevis to generate three-dimensional pictures of the atmosphere. Climate scientists now hope to use these models to re-observe famously severe storms from more than a century ago, such as a 1903 storm which wreaked havoc in Ireland before passing right over the top of Ben Nevis the following day.

The first step – in a project which Hawkins is leading – is to compare the historical data from Ben Nevis to modern weather readings.

“We live in a part of the world which gets storms and we’ll always have them. But we’re trying to understand whether these storms are becoming more or less frequent, are they becoming more severe, are we getting more rain out of these storms, are they changing direction?” Hawkins says. “Going back in time and looking at the storms of that period enables us to compare with the storms of today, and look at the potential changes which have resulted from human-driven warming of the atmosphere over the past century.”

But these goals met a slight setback. Feeding the original Ben Nevis weather data into a computer model requires all the observations to be digitised. While the thousands of pages of observations were published in scientific journals in the early 20th Century and have been subsequently scanned, typing all 1.5 million into an online database would take years.

And so thousands of volunteers across Europe have helped digitise the observations over a period of just 10 weeks in autumn 2017.

As a result, Hawkins’ team is now looking at how the amount of moisture in today’s storms compares to those in the late 19th Century. “A warmer atmosphere can hold more moisture, and so when it rains in a storm today, we expect the amount of rain to be much greater compared to a storm a century ago, of the same severity,” he says. “It’s a fingerprint of how things are changing in a warmer world.”

Today, plans are underfoot to build a new modern observatory on the ruins on the former site – albeit with automatic measuring devices rather than human inhabitants. “We haven’t had any long-term observations up there for a long time now, and this would give us information straight away on how the climate at the top of the mountain has changed,” Hawkins says. “We think that the high altitude regions are some of the places where we’ve seen the largest changes in temperature.

“This could tell us a lot.”

This story is a part of BBC Britain – a series focused on exploring this extraordinary island, one story at a time. Readers outside of the UK can see every BBC Britain story by heading to the Britain homepage; you also can see our latest stories by following us on Facebook and Twitter.

If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.American football's ball-rules are complex, to say the least. In the NFL, each team provides a dozen balls to the referee for testing two hours before kickoff. However, during a 2015 play-offs match between the New England Patriots and the Indianapolis Colts, a Colts linebacker noticed something was awry.Eggs and new beginnings

In many cultures around the world, the egg has long been a symbol of new life, fertility and rebirth: one Hindu creation story states that the universe came from a cosmic golden egg and for thousands of years Iranians have decorated eggs on Nowruz, the Iranian New Year, which falls on the Spring equinox.

For Christians, the egg symbolises the resurrection of Jesus Christ, with the hard shell representing the sealed tomb from which he broke free. At Easter we roll them down hills (to re-enact the rolling away of the tomb stone), decorate them and, of course, exchange chocolate versions the size of ostrich eggs.

The idea of rebirth or a fresh start is one that we can all appreciate. It can be hard to make big changes in life but Spring presents the perfect time to get a new job, mend or end a relationship, or move house. But a “rebirth” doesn’t have to be so tangible: it can also be about a change in attitude or approach. When you tuck into your chocolate eggs this Easter, embrace the changes that you want to make – inside and out. In the words of T.S. Eliot: “Every moment is a fresh beginning.”Video

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and his wife have watched South Korean K-pop stars perform in Pyongyang, South Korea's culture ministry says.

It is the first musical delegation to visit in more than a decade as the two countries on the divided peninsula prepare for a rare summit.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption China's space lab Tiangong-1 tracked on radar

The estimated window of re-entry for the defunct Chinese space lab Tiangong-1 has narrowed sharply.

The timeframe for the fall to Earth is centred on 01:07 Monday GMT (02:07 BST), plus or minus two hours.

Experts are tracking the module as it orbits at an ever decreasing altitude.

However, they will only be sure of the timing of the final plunge very late in the descent because of the uncertainties over Tiangong's interactions with the high atmosphere.

China has lost communication with the module and there is no way to control its downward flight.

However, the risk of any parts of Tiangong hitting a populated area is considered very low.

"Given Tiangong-1 has a larger mass and is more robust, as it is pressurised, than many other space objects that return uncontrolled to Earth from space, it is the subject of a number of radar tracking campaigns," explained Richard Crowther, the UK Space Agency's chief engineer.

"The majority of the module can be expected to burn up during re-entry heating, with the greatest probability being that any surviving fragments will fall into the sea," he told BBC News.

Precise knowledge of the re-entry time and location will come late

Typically, only in the last hour or so are experts very confident

Most of the module's components will burn up in the high atmosphere

Its orbital path means any debris is restricted in where it can fall

Perhaps 20-40% could survive to the surface - that's 1.5-3.5 tonnes

The highest probability is that this material would hit the ocean

Any debris path at the surface would be hundreds of km long

Tiangong is the 50th most massive object to come back uncontrolled

Launched in 2011 and visited by six Chinese astronauts, the 10m-long, 8.5-tonne Tiangong module should really have been de-orbited in a planned manner.

Traditionally, thrusters are fired on large vehicles to drive them towards a remote zone over the Southern Ocean. But this option appears not to be available, especially after the loss of command links in 2016.

Tiangong is now brushing through the top of the atmosphere, which is dragging on the spacecraft and causing it to lose altitude rapidly.

Thirteen space agencies, under the leadership of the European Space Agency, have been using radar and optical observations to follow its path around the globe, modelling its behaviour.

This collective, known as the Inter-Agency Space Debris Coordination Committee (IADC), has issued regular updates on the descent progress, and Esa itself gave its own final bulletin on Sunday. This forecast was for a four-hour re-entry window centred on 01:07 GMT Monday.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Holger Krag: Something of the size of Tiangong comes back "roughly every three to four years"

"A confidence of one hour is only reached about four hours beforehand. And one hour still means almost one revolution around the Earth," said Holger Krag, the head of Esa's space debris office. "But that's still good enough to exclude many countries and even some continents."

What can be said with certainty is that nothing will fall outside of 43 degrees from the equator, north or south.

This encompasses a region up to the Mediterranean and down to Tasmania, for example. It is governed by the inclination on which Tiangong was launched.

China has limited national tracking facilities around the globe and so had no choice but to keep the vessel on a reasonably tight equatorial path.

The International Space Station by contrast reaches 52 degrees north and south.

Tiangong means 'Heavenly Palace'

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Astronaut Wang Yaping memorably gave a lecture to school children from Tiangong-1

The module was launched in 2011 to practise rendezvous and docking

Two astronaut crews visited in Shenzhou capsules - in 2012 and 2013

They included China's first female astronauts Liu Yang and Wang Yaping

China plans a more permanent space station in the next decade

It has developed a heavy-lift rocket, Long March 5, for the purpose

Although about 5.2 billion people live within the re-entry zone, most of it is ocean, which explains the high probability that any debris that survives to the surface will hit water.

Dr Krag said: "We know from similar events that on average between 20% and 40% of the initial mass has the chance to survive re-entry heating.

"We could apply this rule of thumb also to Tiangong, I believe, because typically the same amount of heat-resistant material in relative terms is onboard all spacecraft.

"So that would mean between 1.5 tonnes and 3.5 tonnes might be able to survive," he told BBC News.

The components that most often seem to avoid burning up in the atmosphere are tanks. These objects are interior to the spacecraft and so are protected for much of the descent.

But they are also made from steel, titanium or carbon-reinforced plastics and these materials are generally more resistant to high temperatures should they become exposed.

Tiangong is certainly on the large size for uncontrolled re-entry objects but it is far from being the biggest, historically.

The US space agency's Skylab was almost 80 tonnes in mass when it came back partially uncontrolled in 1979. Parts struck Western Australia but no-one on the ground was injured.

Nasa's Columbia shuttle would also have to be classed as an uncontrolled re-entry. Its mass was over 100 tonnes when it made its tragic return from orbit in 2003.

Again, no-one on the ground was hit as debris scattered through the US states of Texas and Louisiana.

The redoubtable cataloguer of space activity, Jonathan McDowell from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, reckons Tiangong is only the 50th most massive object to come back uncontrolled.

Skip Twitter post by @planet4589 By my calculations, Tiangong-1 will be the 50th most massive uncontrolled reentry from Earth orbit in history. — Jonathan McDowell (@planet4589) March 25, 2018 Report

China is participating in the IADC campaign and is sharing some of its data.

The nation has since launched a second lab, Tiangong-2, which continues to be operational. It was visited by a re-fuelling freighter, Tianzhou-1, just last year.

The Tiangongs were put up to demonstrate orbital rendezvous and docking capabilities - to be testbeds to rehearse activities ahead of China's more permanent space station.

This facility, which is expected to comprise a large core module and two smaller ancillary modules, will be in service early next decade, the Asian nation says.

A new rocket, the Long March 5, was recently introduced to perform the heavy lifting that will be required to get the core module in orbit.

Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmosShipping faces demands to cut CO2

The industry could contribute almost a fifth of the global total of CO2 by 2050 but some nations resist targets.Image copyright Reuters/ EPA Image caption The two leaders have a history of mutual antipathy

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan have traded barbs over deadly clashes on the Gaza border.

Sixteen Palestinians were killed on Friday after Israeli soldiers opened fire on some violent demonstrators.

President Erdogan accused Mr Netanyahu of being "a terrorist" on Sunday.

It came after Mr Netanyahu rejected Ankara's "moral lessons" and accused Turkey of indiscriminately bombing civilians in its actions abroad.

"The most moral army in the world will not be lectured to on morality from someone who for years has been bombing civilians indiscriminately," the Israeli leader said on Twitter.

"Apparently this is how they mark April 1 in Ankara," he added, in reference to April's Fools Day.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Clashes took place along Gaza's border with Israel

He has previously called Mr Erdogan someone who "bombs Kurdish villagers" in a reference to Turkey's military operations in the Afrin area of Syria.

Mr Erdogan had earlier labelled the Israeli response on Friday an "inhumane attack".

"Hey Netanyahu! You are occupier. And it is as an occupier that are you are on those lands. At the same time, you are a terrorist," Mr Erdogan said in a televised address on Sunday.

The escalating war of words comes amid growing international criticism of the Israeli military response.

What happened on Friday?

Clashes broke out after thousands of Palestinians marched to the border at the start of a six-week protest, dubbed the Great March of Return.

The demonstration comes ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of Israel and the exodus of many Arabs - which Palestinians refer to as the "Nakba" (Catastrophe).

Image caption Palestinians have pitched five camps near the border for the protest. Source: Haaretz

Although most protesters stayed in the encampments, some groups of youths ignored organisers' calls to stay away from the fence and headed closer to Israeli positions.

The Israel Defence Forces (IDF) said troops fired "towards the main instigators" during rioting in which petrol bombs and stones were thrown.

Palestinians accused Israel of using disproportionate force in their response, with leader Mahmoud Abbas saying Israel bore "full responsibility" for the bloodshed.

With 16 fatalities, Friday was the single deadliest day in the Israel-Palestine conflict since the 2014 Gaza war.

The UN says hundreds more were injured.

Image copyright AFP Image caption Mourners pictured at funeral of Hamdan Abu Amsha on Sunday, as ceremonies take place for those who died

Israeli military Gen Ronen Manelis told journalists on Saturday that Hamas - the militant group that controls Gaza - was using protests as a cover for launching attacks on Israel.

Israel's ambassador to the UN, Danny Danon, also blamed the bloodshed on the militant group.

The country has rejected calls from international leaders, including UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, for an independent investigation into the violence.Death sentences in Kuwait for maid murder

A couple is held responsible for the death of Joanna Demafelis whose body was found in a freezer.The hitchhikers were the first thing we noticed when we left Havana, bound for Viñales. Dozens of people were waiting on the side of the highway: men on their way home from work; schoolchildren in pristine white-and-red uniforms; families with toddlers in tow. The early-afternoon sun shone bright, slicing through the mosquito-thick humidity. Yet the hitchhikers stood and waited, seeking respite from the heat under bridges or in the shade of a lone tree between the tobacco and sugarcane fields.

Every now and then a vehicle would stop and pick up some people. There seemed to be a system in place; there was never a fight over who would get a lift first. We saw a group of eight climb into a banged-up orange Plymouth Belvedere, and crowds of 50 or more packed into the back of a truck, hanging on for dear life as the driver swerved to avoid one of the numerous potholes.

‘Don’t pick up hitchhikers’ was the mantra repeated time and time again whenever my husband Nick and I told people we planned to hire a car in Havana and drive west to Viñales and onto Maria la Gorda, a windswept beach on Cuba’s westernmost point. The man at the car-hire shop had even told us that it was forbidden for foreigners to pick up hitchhikers.

We figured that might explain why our inconspicuous white Peugeot 206 with maroon ‘Turismo’ plates had been largely ignored by the roadside crowds – until, suddenly, a policeman in a pale-grey uniform signalled us to stop. I pulled over and prepared my licence and registration, but to my surprise, he opened the door and sat on the back seat.

“Siga,” he said. Keep going.

You may also be interested in:

• What to do when you’re given an island

• The Moroccan scam that wasn’t

• The man making the world’s tallest bike

I was puzzled. Did he want to see my papers? Did he want to check that I hadn’t picked up any hitchhikers? He told me to drive – so I drove, hands clenched onto the wheel, an eye on the speedometer to make sure I didn’t surpass the limit by a single kilometre.

The policeman sat on the back twiddling his beret, his forehead streaked with sweat.

Nick, sitting next to me, was wide-eyed with fear.

Next time, don’t stop. Whatever happens, don’t stop

“What’s going on?” he muttered under his breath. I really had no idea. After 10 minutes or so, we passed a junction where an unpaved road veered off towards some houses on the far edge of a sugarcane field.

“Pare,” the policeman said. Stop.

I did – and he got off and walked away, muttering ‘gracias’ as he slammed the door shut.

Nick sighed with relief. “Ok, that’s it. Next time, don’t stop. Whatever happens, don’t stop. Remember – don’t pick up hitchhikers!”

We kept driving, following a tattered map that didn’t fold properly, which the car-hire place had given us. Sugarcane fields gave way to patches of palms and forest, and the terrain became progressively more hilly, a sign that – maybe? – we were nearing the landmark mogotes, or limestone hills, of Viñales.

We left the motorway and followed a secondary road until we got to a T-junction, with no idea whether to turn left or right. There were no signs, and the map didn’t help. It was 2006 and we didn't have a smartphone.

The shadows of the palms were lengthening across the street, and the golden sun shone low through the windscreen. We had to make a decision.

As we pondered left or right, somebody tapped on the windscreen.

“Todo bien? Que pasa?”

It was a man in his mid-20s, with close-cropped curls and a striped T-shirt.

“Yes, all good, thanks! We are going to Viñales. How do we get there?” I replied in Spanish.

“Ah, Viñales! I live there. I can take you there if you like?”

A hitchhiker. Another one. Nick and I exchanged uneasy glances, the same questions racing through our minds. We hesitated, searching for a comeback that would allow us to get directions, yet politely refuse to give the young man a lift.

However, all I could muster was “Claro”. Sure, jump in – we’ll drive you. Nick looked at me with rage.

“Just wait a second, though. My little brother has gone to the toilet in the bushes,” the young man said.

We expected a cute child to come tottering out of the bushes. Instead a 20-year-old man with slick oily hair and a body-builder physique appeared. He flashed us a steel-capped smile.

“My name is Tomas, but you can call me Tom. Tom Cruz,” the man in the striped t-shirt said. “And this is my brother Ernesto.”

We had been warned time and time again

I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry – laugh, because the name ‘Tom Cruz’ sounded exactly like ‘Tom Cruise’, or cry, because there we were in the middle of nowhere with two strange men, and I had just agreed to give them a lift.

Tom opened the door, and he and Ernesto climbed onto the back seat. We knew we had to get out of this situation as quickly as possible because soon it would turn sour. But we didn’t know what to do.

“So, I’ll drive them to Viñales, drop them off, and that’s it,” I whispered to Nick.

He didn’t reply, didn’t even look at me. It was his way to say ‘you deal with it’. After all, we had been warned time and time again – don’t pick up hitchhikers.

We drove on as sunset approached. Images started racing through my head. Tom would lead us somewhere remote, then he and Ernesto would rob us blind – including taking the Peugeot 206. Or Ernesto would pull out a machete and cut off our heads. Or, quite simply, they would break our hearts with a story of how their little brother is sick/their little niece can’t go to school/their uncle needs medicine. They would try to sweet talk us into parting with the remainder of our pesos convertibles, the currency used by tourists in Cuba that’s worth 25 times more than the peso Cubano, mainly used by locals. And I would agree, just like I had agreed to give them a lift.

Tom timidly started a conversation while Ernesto sat in silence behind me, his eyes burning through my back. Sometimes I’d catch a glimpse of his eyes in the rear-view mirror – and he would immediately look away.

By then, we had switched to English. We learned that Tom spoke it fluently, as well as Polish and Czech.

‘Yes, because he’s a hustler,’ I kept thinking. Why on Earth would he be speaking Polish and Czech, if not to swindle tourists?

I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry

As he was telling us that he worked in a tobacco plantation, we overtook a truck loaded with hitchhikers, packed in the back like sardines. The truck stopped and a couple jumped off.

“Thank goodness you guys picked me up today,” Tom said. “Otherwise, I would have had to wait for one of those.”

Tom explained that in communist Cuba, very few people were granted permission to own a vehicle. The state owned the vast majority of cars, trucks and motorbikes, and these were assigned to people on the basis of their needs – or so it was claimed. In 2014, it became easier for Cubans to buy cars, but no-one could afford them.

At the time of our trip, locals who did have access to a vehicle, like truck or bus drivers, or those lucky enough to have a 1950s car that was still running, were obliged to pick up hitchhikers, because there were so many more people than cars. Hearing this, I thought that the policeman who had flagged us down beforehand was probably just looking for a lift, and that would explain our awkward exchange.

“Here we are, that’s our place,” said Tom, as we reached a bright yellow detached house. “Would you guys like a drink?”

“No, thanks,” said Nick. “Yes, sure,” I said – and then immediately regretted it. We had got this far, it was the perfect excuse to get away, and yet I was choosing to go in? Curiosity had prevailed over common sense.

Tom and Ernesto pointed toward the backyard and told us to wait for them there, then they went into the house. In the backyard, there was a lone lightbulb hanging over the back door, and a few plastic chairs. The garden was well kept, with manicured grass and a hibiscus bush. The house had a view over the valley of Viñales, its tobacco fields and dome-shaped limestone mogotes. Twilight had arrived, and the sky was apricot and mauve.

Nothing moved in the valley; work had ended for the day. No-one moved in the backyard or in Tom’s house, either. The nearby houses also seemed closed up. Ernesto hadn’t said a word for the whole journey, and now both brothers had disappeared.

Any minute, I thought. Any minute and Ernesto will come out with a weapon. We’ll be robbed, or killed, or both, and it was my entire fault – we had been warned. At that exact moment, Tom and Ernesto came into the backyard. Ernesto was holding something behind his back.

“Would you like a mojito? A real Cuban mojito, not that stuff they serve to tourists in Havana Vieja!” Tom said. Ernesto held out a bottle of rum.

“Ermmm... sure!”

“And what about a cigar from the plantation where I work?”

“Well, why not! Thanks!”

My tense muscles relaxed. A sigh of relief escaped my clenched jaws.

That was it – these guys had needed a lift, we had helped them out and they were going to thank us with a mojito. That’s all there was.

Soon afterwards, we were sitting on the plastic chairs under the lightbulb, looking at the stars twinkle above the mogotes. Ernesto had mixed up some killer mojitos and Tom was trying to teach me how to smoke cigars, while I coughed and sputtered.

I wonder if he’ll ever get the chance to see the world outside of Cuba

“That is our casa particular [a private home where locals rent rooms to tourists],” Tom said, pointing to a bright blue granny flat in the backyard. “It’s a shame it’s occupied or you guys would be more than welcome to stay.”

Tom explained that his family was lucky. They’d been given permission to operate a casa particular, and he’d had the chance to study commerce and had spent a year on exchange in Warsaw, which explained why he spoke Polish and Czech.

“I’m lucky, because I got to travel,” he said. Movement was strictly controlled in communist Cuba at the time. There had to be a very good reason to be granted an exit visa, even to visit relatives. Tom had been a brilliant student, and that had earned him the opportunity to spend 12 months in Warsaw. Ernesto was not as academically successful as Tom, and didn’t get a place at university.

“I wonder if he’ll ever get the chance to see the world outside of Cuba,” Tom said.

At 26, Tom had a good job with Alejandro Robaina, Cuba’s last independent tobacco grower, looking after the export of his world-famous cigars. He earned about 12 pesos convertibles a month (worth about US$12 at that time). Yes, he said, it was true they had free education and housing and the libreta (a supplies booklet) for basic groceries each month, but the milk was often watered down, meat was hard to come by, and even just to get those few staples his mother had to queue up for hours opposite the dusty shelves of Viñales’s general store.

The casa particular helped them to make ends meet – at the time, tourists were charged between 15 and 20 pesos convertibles per night, more than Tom’s monthly salary – but more than half of it went to the state in taxes and permits. Yet the few extra pesos earned here and there went a long way. There was a shortage of most basic goods in Cuba, especially medical supplies; plasters, bandages and painkillers could often only be found on the black market and they had to be paid for in pesos convertibles rather than pesos Cubanos.

Sensing our curiosity, Tom talked freely about his life in Viñales. I didn’t sense sadness or desperation, only a deep sense of hopelessness – and I certainly didn’t think he was going to ask us for money.

I didn’t sense sadness or desperation, only a deep sense of hopelessness

So I was very surprised when, just before we said goodbye and thanks for the mojitos, Tom said – completely out of the blue – “I need to ask you guys a very big favour”.

Ok, this was it. Those cigars and mojitos hadn’t been just a way to thank us for the lift. There had to be something else – I knew it. He was going to hit us with a tearjerker story.

Tom was embarrassed. His eyes avoided us, remaining fixed on the lightbulb swinging in the breeze. “Can you guys drive me to work tomorrow? It will only take half an hour or so. I can take you around the plantation, show you how we make cigars, and introduce you to Señor Robaina… You know, it would mean I don’t have to wake up at 05:00 in the morning and wait for one of those trucks,” he added.

Nick and I looked at each other and laughed. That was it? Of course we would help!

The following morning, we picked Tom up at 08:00 and started driving towards Pinar del Rio, where Señor Robaina’s plantation was located. Tom was ecstatic – he got to sleep in, something he could only do on his day off. Pinar del Rio was 30km away, half an hour or so by car, but the trip usually took Tom three hours – an average of two hours waiting for a lift, and then an hour to get there, standing packed with 50 others on the back of a truck. This was his daily routine: eight hours of work and up to six hours to get there and back, six days a week.

When we reached the plantation, Tom led us to his office where a fan whirred on the ceiling and a 20-year-old computer sat on a desk surrounded by paper folders. He couldn’t take us around himself, but his colleague Rafael would do the honours.

Rafael explained that the very existence of Señor Robaina’s plantation was an oddity in communist Cuba. Robaina was the last independent tobacco grower, and the only one giving his name to a cigar.

One of the first things that Fidel had done after the revolution was to nationalise tobacco production. But Señor Robaina had refused – he said that he didn’t believe in cooperatives and preferred production to remain in the hands of his family to keep quality high. Somehow, his appeal had succeeded. As a result, Robaina cigars are among the best in the world, and the plantation is allowed to make Cohiba, the best-known Cuban cigars, which were once produced only for Fidel and his dignitaries.

Rafael took us for a walk among the rows of tobacco plants. “We only use organic fertilisers here,” he said, as I noticed an unmistakable smell.

At every stop, Rafael showed us a different stage of tobacco production. First came the curing shed where leaves were hung to dry – some were still green, ever so slightly curled around the edges; others were half green, half brown. Then came the sorting process and the stripping. Here an elderly man sat curled onto a desk, with piles of leaves on either side, removing the central vein by hand. Finally came the rolling. Half a dozen women worked nonstop, filling, packing and wrapping, with movements so deft and calculated that I had no doubt they’d be able to do their job with their eyes closed.

We also crossed paths with Señor Robaina himself, as he inspected work in the plantation wearing his trademark straw hat. He was 86 when he met him. His face was weathered and lined like a tobacco leaf, and his handshake revealed a man who had worked with his hands throughout his life. Hearing from Rafael that we were friends of Tom, he gave us a gift: two of his trademark cigars.

We spent the following three days driving Tom to and from work, and following his recommendations on what to do in Viñales.

Go to Leydi’s paladar [family-run restaurant]! It’s the best in town!

A half-mile from my place there’s a bright blue house. Ask for Pipo el Carpintero and ask him to take you to the caves!

If you want to go horse-riding, ask Ernesto to take you!

When it was time for us to leave Viñales, we drove Tom to work one last time. He gave us his email address and apologised in advance that it might take him some time to reply. “We don’t always have connection around here,” he said.

I didn’t know, when we hugged goodbye, that we wouldn’t see each other again. Weeks later, when I emailed him, I received an error message, and I didn’t have his telephone number or home address.

Travel can make you jaded and cynical, thinking that everyone is out to get you. But then you meet people like Tom and Ernesto, and you realise that the world is complex – and that there’s a lot of positivity out there, especially where you least expect it.

We stopped being afraid of what might happen and decided to embrace whatever fate threw into our path

Before we crossed paths with Tom, Nick and I were very cautious travellers. We never ate street food, never crossed into a backstreet just for the pleasure of wondering where it led, never went out after dark unless we knew the place. That all changed after that day in Cuba. We stopped being afraid of what might happen and decided to embrace whatever fate threw into our path.

Tom was just the first of many strangers we crossed paths with over the years. We ended up sharing meals with locals in Kurdistan, couch surfing with Iranian families, staying with nomads on the Kazakhstan-Mongolia border, and more – all experiences we never would have had, had we not picked up a hitchhiker named Tom Cruz that day in Cuba.

Join more than three million BBC Travel fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.

If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.We’re about five metres away from the Mediterranean Sea. To my right, the Zouk Mosbeh power plant pumps out plumes of thick grey smoke into an otherwise bright blue sky. The Jounieh Valley towers behind me over the coastline, a metropolis full of hotels and entertainment venues just outside of Beirut. To my left, I can see some sort of resort in the distance. But all I can smell – and all I can see around me – is rubbish.

This beach has already been cleaned up 16 times, and had been cleaned less than a week before I stepped onto it with Joslin Kehdy, the founder of Recycle Lebanon, which arranges the clean-ups. Plastic is turning up on beaches around the world, but the difference in Lebanon is that rubbish is also being directly dumped into the sea and coastal landfills – spelling disaster for the shoreline’s ecosystem and public health.

Lebanon’s waste crisis began in 2015 when a huge landfill site closed and government authorities failed to implement a contingency plan in time to replace it; dumping and burning waste on the streets became widespread. The campaign group Human Rights Watch calls it "a national health crisis".

You might also like:

• How will we deal with all of the world’s rubbish?

• Lebanon rubbish: Storms dump rubbish along coast

• The frozen danger hidden under US soil

But it’s also forced environmental organisations to find surprising and much-needed solutions in the face of slow political change – and they’re proving that a country that’s only the size of Connecticut might be one of Earth’s best playgrounds for environmental innovation.

See how rubbish is affecting Beirut's beaches with this video below:

This media cannot be played on your device.

Kehdy tells me that calling her organisation Recycle Lebanon was a pun. It’s not just about introducing recycling initiatives; it’s about forming a new path for a country tackling corruption, which she and other activists believe fuels the waste crisis. The traditionally centralised waste management system in the country has very little sorting capabilities, meaning that the money isn’t in recycling, it’s in generating lots of waste, they argue.

In a list of 180 countries, the 2017 Corruptions Perceptions Index, produced by the NGO Transparency International, ranked Lebanon as the 143rd "least corrupt nation" out of 175 countries – in other words, there are only 32 countries where corruption is worse. According to its website: “Lebanon’s confessional power-sharing arrangement” – that’s the delicate governmental balance it’s forged between the country’s many sects – “fuels patronage networks and clientelism, which undermines further the country’s governance system.”

When the rubbish crisis first started, it stimulated a civil movement; protestors rallied outside the Lebanese government and declared “You Stink!” Gradually this evolved into initiatives like Beirut Madinati, a new political party, and the Waste Management Coalition which is currently campaigning against the government’s proposals to purchase incinerators.

“The issue with incinerators is that it doesn’t suit our type of waste,” says Kehdy. “Around 70% of our waste is organic. It’s too wet to be processed in incineration." Secondly – as with most waste management methods – incineration also requires strict sorting at source.

It looks like literally everything is thrown into the sea.

More than 2,000 people have taken part in beach clean-ups with Recycle Lebanon, proving that there’s an appetite for citizens and businesses to get involved. They’re totally zero-waste, too; even the face masks that people wear are re-usable and the filters recyclable. “We set up zero-waste clean-ups with signs so people can learn about the type of waste, the process behind it, where it gets recycled and how they can change the type of products they’re consuming.”

Walking up and down this beach, it’s clear how much general living habits here influence the sort of waste that turns up. We lose count of the small, single-use plastic espresso cups. Having lived in Lebanon, I know how the Lebanese like their coffee – fast and furious. You’ll finish one little cup, throw it into the bin and have someone pour you another. There’s no conversation about re-usable coffee cups that many countries in the West are having now. There are plastic bottles full of water, the tips of hookah pipes, toys and so many single-use plastic bags. I’m also surprised by the amount of medical waste, clothes and astro-turf. It looks like literally everything is thrown into the sea.

A lot of the rejectable waste that Kehdy can’t do much with gets sent to an organisation called Cedar Environmental, run by Ziad Abichaker. As well as providing composting facilities for Lebanon’s organic waste they have built Material Recovery Facilities around the country which recover as much as possible from thrown away materials. Abichaker has even set up glass bottle bins around Beirut and brings the thrown away glass to Sarafand, a small town in South Lebanon where the glass is formed into different shapes by glassblowers, upholding a tradition that’s existed in the country since Phoenician times.

For the objects that can easily be recycled by people, Kehdy is opening a centre in Beirut called Ecosouk to provide a space where the rubbish from the clean-ups can be sorted and processed. It will be a centralised hub where Beirut’s locals can find out for themselves what they can do – and where they can take their recycling. There will even be an open data source for people to access online and find out what green initiatives are happening in their municipality.

We’re on our way to the Ecosouk when our taxi driver throws some paper out of the window. Kehdy is, to say the least, not best pleased. I ask her how that makes her feel when she’s dedicating her life to changing Lebanese behaviour around sustainability.

“It’s okay, because even if he threw it out the window, and even if he threw it in his bin, it’s going into the sea. Maybe a few years ago we could have been shouting at him, telling him that’s wrong. But now the system is so broken that the government’s dumping the garbage into the sea. How are you going to get someone to not throw it out the window?”

One organisation hoping to prompt behavioural change – or ‘nudging’ – is Recycle Beirut, a company that works with businesses like restaurants and schools as well as local residents. You ring them up, they come and collect your recycling and take it to their factory to sort and process it. They hire Syrian refugees in an attempt to solve both the garbage and refugee crises Lebanon is trying to deal with.

“We believe in doing a social job in addition to an environmental job,” says Sam Kazak, one of the co-founders. “What we are doing is we’re trying to create as many jobs as possible for refugees and for all vulnerable people in general. Most of our workers are Syrian and Palestinian refugees. They don’t have any problem working in this industry.”

But there’s one problem – refugees often struggle to obtain work permits.

“We try to get work permits for our Syrian drivers but it’s not working. So every time the police stop our trucks they give us a fine and they impound the truck for a few days. And every time the truck gets impounded, many tons of garbage go to the wrong place. Burning, landfilling, dumping in the sea.” He says “these people want to live in garbage” and, similar to Joslin’s Recycle Lebanon pun, I sense that Sam isn’t just talking about the rubbish on the kerb.

When I’m back in Beirut after my trip to Zouk Mosbeh – my trainers unhappily covered in mud and garbage, not sand, from the beach – I head to the American University of Beirut. Since my last trip to Lebanon it’s become smoke-free; anyone reading this who is also accustomed with smoking in the Middle East might be similarly flummoxed as to how a university managed to stop its students and teachers smoking on campus. There are also new recycling bins dotted around the buildings. It’s a rubbish-free haven in a rubbish-filled city.

In the chemistry department I find Dr Najat Saliba who, back in 2015, wrote a letter to the rest of the faculties about solving the waste problem. Everyone replied and, she says, “this is how I became the spearhead for what we call the AUB taskforce to try to do something about what’s happening, or to help the government look into possible solutions”.

She is the director of the university’s Nature Conservation Center as well as a professor of analytical chemistry and has led the university’s research into Lebanese air quality. Her team has already proved that those who live near garbage piles or open burning sites (or indeed both) are more likely to suffer from respiratory problems. She’s yet to publish data from a new study that connects garbage piles in the streets with higher levels of bacteria and fungi in the air that’s breathed in. Now, she’s concerned that bringing in incinerators will add to the air pollution.

“The problem in Lebanon is that we don’t have labs that are equipped, or can do the quality assurance, and make sure that the fumes that are coming from the incinerators are safe. And I’m sorry to say that based on the practices of what we’ve seen so far we don’t believe that the government can follow up on assuring the quality control is going to be respected and up to the standards that Europeans follow.”

In a workshop that AUB presented about Lebanese air quality, one of Saliba’s colleagues visualised what would happen in one of the areas that the government, hypothetically, would like to place an incinerator. “What we found is that the fume is going to cover the whole of the Beirut area. Most of the residents in Beirut would be affected by the materials released by these incinerators.”

It looks like it will take years for Lebanon to clean up its act. Saliba shows me out of her office and into a nearby lab that analyses air quality. The scientists working hard there are not Lebanese; just like Recycle Beirut’s, the plush campus at AUB is staffed by Syrians and Palestinians.

“I believe in this country,” insists Saliba. “This country will pick up, will change. It has started to change with the Waste Management Coalition who are trying very hard to reverse the clock. It will happen. We will have cleaner air.

“Call me a dreamer! But I would like to dream that way.”

Join 900,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter.

If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.From a near-silent horror film to an Australian Western and the new Avengers team-up, these are the titles to check out his month, writes Christian Blauvelt.If you worked for Ford in 1914, chances are at some stage in your career a private investigator was hired to follow you home.

If you stopped for a drink, or squabbled with your spouse, or did something that might make you less of a competent worker the following day, your boss would soon know about it.

This sleuthing was partly because Ford’s workers earned a better salary than the competition. The car manufacturer raised pay from $2.39 a day to $5 a day, the equivalent of $124 (£88) today. But you had to be a model citizen to qualify.

This ‘Big Brother’ operation was run by the Ford Sociological Department, a team of inspectors that arrived unannounced on employees’ doorsteps

Your house needed to be clean, your children attending school, your savings account had to be in good shape. If someone at the factory believed you were on the wrong path, you might not only miss out on a promotion, your job was on the line.

This ‘Big Brother’ operation was run by the Ford Sociological Department, a team of inspectors that arrived unannounced on employees’ doorsteps. Its aim was to “promote the health, safety and comfort of workers”, as an internal document put it. And, to be fair, it also offered everything from medical services to housekeeping courses.

The programme lasted eight years. It was expensive, and many workers resented its paternalism and intrusion. Today, most of us would find it unacceptable – what does my work have to do with my laundry, bank account or relationships?

Yet, the idea of employers trying to control workers’ lives beyond the workplace has persisted, and digital tools have made it easier than ever. Chances are, you use several technologies that could create a detailed profile of your activities and habits, both in the office and out of it. But what can (and can’t) employers do with this data? And, where do we draw the line?

What’s my worker score?

We’re all being graded every day. The expensive plane tickets I bought recently have already popped up in my credit score. The fact that I‘ve stopped jogging every morning has been noted by my fitness app – and, if it were connected with an insurance company, this change might push up my premiums.

From my online activity, Facebook knows I love beer, and believes my screen is a good spot for hipster brewery adverts. One website recently claimed that I am Colombia’s 1,410 th most influential Twitter user – something that could improve my credit score, it seems. And, yes, my desirability and efficiency as a worker is also up for evaluation and can be given a number.

And we’re not just talking the ‘rate-a-trader’ style online review process used on freelancer platforms or gig-economy services. A scoring system of sorts has lodged itself in the corporate world.

HR departments are crunching increasing volumes of data to measure employees in a more granular way

HR departments are crunching increasing volumes of data to measure employees in a more granular way. From software that records every keystroke, or the ‘smart’ coffee machines that will only give you a hot drink if you tap it with your work ID badge there are more opportunities than ever for bosses to measure behaviour.

Some analysts think this industry could be worth more than $1 billion by 2022.

One big aim of data collection is to make “predictions about how long an employee will stay, and it may influence hiring, firing, or retention of people,” says Phoebe Moore, Associate Professor of Political Economy and Technology at Leicester University in the UK and author of the book The Quantified Self in Precarity: Work, Technology and What Counts.

Data collection is “changing employment relationships, the way people work and what the expectations can be”, says Moore.

One problem with this approach is that it’s blind to some of the non-quantifiable aspects of work. Some of the subtler things I do in order to be a better writer, for instance, are not quantifiable: having a drink with someone who tells me a great story, or imagining a piece on my commute. None of these things would show up in my ‘job score’. “A lot of the qualitative aspects of work are being written out,” says Moore, “because if you can’t measure them, they don’t exist”.



The dilemma of data

A healthy, physically active person is a better worker, right? Research consistently suggests activity decreases absenteeism and increases productivity. This has spawned a thriving health and wellness industry with programmes worth billions.

Employees value these health initiatives not only because their bosses might allow them time off to participate but also because if they track exercise via their phone, smartwatch or fitness wristband they can earn rewards.

“I can just wear this device, and I get points and buy stuff for doing things I would already (be) doing anyway without it,” says Lauren Hoffman, a former salesperson for one of the programmes in the US, who was also enrolled in it herself.

Furthermore, the workplace offers an environment that can help people to reach their health goals. Research suggests that fitness programmes work better when they are combined with social encouragement, collaboration and competition. Offices can foster all that: they can organise running clubs, weekly fitness classes or competitions to help workers thrive.

There are several good business reasons to collect data on employees – from doing better risk management to examining if social behaviours in the workplace can lead to gender discrimination. “Companies fundamentally don't understand how people interact and collaborate at work,”, says Ben Waber, president and CEO of Humanyze, an American company which gathers and analyses data about the workplace. He says that he can show them.

Humanyze gathers data from two sources. The first is the metadata from employees’ communications: their email, phone or corporate messaging service. The company says analysing this metadata doesn’t include reading the content of these messages, nor the individual identities of the people involved, but involves crunching the more general information i.e. duration, frequency and general localisation so, will tell them which department an employee belongs to.

The second area is data gathered from gadgets like Bluetooth infrared sensors which detect how many people are working in one particular part of an office and how they move around. They also use ‘supercharged’ ID badges that, as Waber says, are beefed up with “microphones which don't record what you say, but do voice-processing in real time.” This allows measurement of the proportion of time you speak, or how often people interrupt you.

After six weeks of research, the employer gets a ‘big picture’ of the problem it wants to solve, based on the analysed data. If the aim, for instance, is to boost sales, they can analyse what their best salespeople do that others don’t. Or if they want to measure productivity, they can infer that the more efficient workers talk more often with their managers.

Waber sees it as “a lens of very large work issues, like diversity, inclusion, workload assessment, workspace planning, or regulatory risk”. His business case is that these tools will help companies save millions of dollars and even years of time.



Collection and protection

But not everyone is convinced of the usefulness of these techniques, or whether such personally intrusive technology can be justified. A PwC survey from 2015 reveals that 56% of employees would use a wearable device given by their employer if it was aimed at improving their wellbeing at work. “There should be some payback from something like this, some benefit in terms of their workplace conditions, or advantages,” says Raj Mody, an analyst from the firm. And Hoffman remembers that these programmes were not always an easy sell. “You’re going to get the data and you're going to use it against me,” she was often told by sceptical workers.

There is a fundamental problem: these measurements are often inaccurate

And there is a fundamental problem: these fitness tracking measurements are often inaccurate. People are very bad at self-reporting and fitness trackers and smartphones are not exactly precise. A recent evidence review shows that different models and techniques gather different results and it is very difficult to draw trustworthy comparisons between them.

It is also unclear if counting steps, for instance, is actually a good way of measuring activity, both because this measurement doesn’t take intensity into account – a step made while running counts just as much as a step made walking at home – and walking is more difficult for some than others.

Another issue is the amount of data these programmes can collect. They not only track your daily activity, but also often offer health screenings for participants, which allows them to register things that don’t seem like your boss’s business: your cholesterol level, your weight, or even your DNA.

In most cases, it is illegal in the US and Europe for companies to discriminate against workers based on their health data or any genetic test results, but there are some grey areas. In 2010, Pamela Fink, the PR manager of an energy firm in the US, sued her employer because she claimed she was sacked due to a double mastectomy to reduce her probability of developing cancer. While the company didn’t have access to her DNA results, she contended that they knew about the risk because the surgery showed up on her insurance bills. The case was settled out of court.

Wellness programme providers say that employers only see aggregated and anonymised data, so they can’t target specific employees based on their wellness results. Humanyze ensures its clients are not forcing their employees to be monitored, but instead give them the chance to opt in. In a similar fashion to wellness programmes, they anonymise and collate the information that they share with employers. Waber is emphatic that his company never sells the data on to third parties, and emphasises transparency throughout the process.

But this kind of data could be used in more controversial ways, and the goodwill of the companies involved doesn’t eliminate all the risks. Data could be stolen in a cyberattack, for instance, or it could be used in ways that are not transparent for users. It “could be sold to basically anyone, for whatever purpose, and recirculated in other ways,” says Ifeoma Awunja, a sociologist at Cornell University who researches the use of health data in the workplace.

Taking a short-term profit on user data would damage your company’s reputation - Scott Montgomery

There are reports that some providers are doing just that already – even if they data they sell is anonymous, they could be cross-referenced with other anonymous data to identify people. Not all these companies do it, and some say it is not smart business to do so. “Taking a short-term profit on user data would damage your company’s reputation, causing user volume to plummet and thus your value to clients to diminish” says Scott Montgomery, CEO of Wellteq, a corporate wellness provider based in Singapore.

But even if all the companies did the right thing and acted only in their costumers’ best interest, people in some places are still only protected by their wellness programme’s goodwill. The US law is “significantly behind” the European Union and other parts of the world in protecting users, says Awunja.

In the EU, a new General Data Protection Regulation (GDRP) will come into force thisMay, which will outlaw any use of personal data to which the user didn’t explicitly consent. In the US, the legislation varies between states. In some of them, sharing some health information with third parties is not illegal as long as the data doesn’t identify the person. Furthermore, according to Gary Phelan, a lawyer at Mitchell & Sheridan in the US, since this data is generally not considered medical data, it does not have the privacy restrictions as medical data.

Human beings are evaluated in terms of the risk that they pose to the firm - Awunja

There is also the question of return on investment for the employers. Do they actually save businesses money? These programmes are meant to lower health insurance premiums both for companies and employees, since they are supposed to decrease health risk, sick days, and hospital costs. But it is not clear if this actually happens. A 2013 study by the Rand Corporation claims that, while these programmes save companies enough money to pay for themselves, they “are having little if any immediate effects on the amount employers spend on health care.”

With all these tools, “human beings are evaluated in terms of the risk that they pose to the firm,” says Awunja. Still, it’s a complicated balance: dealing with the everyday habits of employees as if they were just another hit to the bottom line sounds a lot like the old days of the Sociological Department. Whatever benefits these technologies can bring, they have to balance with the privacy rights and expectations of workers.

Balance

There is an episode from TV show Black Mirror that offers a chilling warning. In it, every person is given a score based on their interactions on a social platform that looks strikingly like Instagram. This score defines almost every opportunity they have in life: what jobs they can get, where they live, which plane tickets they can buy or who can they date. In fact, in 2020 China will roll a mandatory Citizen Score calculated from a number of data sources, from your purchase history to the books you read.

Although not quite as sinister, this illustrates the technological, legal and ethical limitations of doing something similar elsewhere. In most parts of the world, the law prevents your HR department from sharing or requesting data about you from your credit card provider, your healthcare provider, or your favourite online dating site, unless you explicitly consent that it can do so.

This should keep the most cynical temptations at bay for now, but how to reap the benefits of data in an acceptable way? There is a strong case for finding this balance: as Waber says, data can give you evidence-based advice for advancing your career, or for enhancing your effectivity at work. Having a space for taking care of your health at work might improve your happiness at your job, and some studies suggest that this also translates into a productivity push.

Part of the answer seems to be to agree to certain ethical standards. In a paper, Awunja proposes some practices like informing employees of the potential risks for discrimination with the data, not penalising those who decline to take part in these programmes, and setting a clear ‘expiration date’ to the collected data.

This is an important conversation to have, even if you are of those with nothing to hide. As it turns out, it is very likely that giving away our data is going to be part of the everyday experience of work in the near future, at least in the corporate world.

--If you're a battle-hardened vegan then chances are you have developed coping strategies you can deploy. But for anyone who kicked off the year with Veganuary and hasn't looked back, we're not going to pretend - this is going to be tough.This crowd is made up of priests on a pilgrimage in Bucharest, Romania, ahead of Orthodox Palm Sunday. Many Orthodox churches base their Easter date on the Julian calendar, not the Gregorian calendar used by Western countries. This year, Orthodox Easter Sunday will fall on 8 April.Space lab will fall to Earth 'within hours'

The defunct station is hurtling towards Earth but chances of it falling into your garden are slim.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Declan Donnelly joked he had "twice the amount of work to do"

Declan Donnelly joked he had "twice the amount of work to do" as he presented Saturday Night Takeaway without Ant for the first time.

The decision to host alone was made after Ant McPartlin was charged with drink driving following a collision in south-west London.

Ant still had some screen time in a pre-recorded comedy sketch.

Show regulars Scarlett Moffatt and Stephen Mulhern also took on greater presenting roles.

Coming down the steps to loud applause, Dec thanked the audience for the "very, very warm welcome".

"I've got twice the amount of work to do so we're going to crack on," he joked.

Guest announcer and comedian Stephen Merchant told Dec: "I can't help but notice a little bit of space on the stage there - any chance I can come down?"

But he added: "You don't want me standing next to you because I'm 6ft 7in and you're considerably smaller."

The pre-recorded Saturday Knight Takeaway sketch segment - featuring Ant with Dec, Joanna Lumley, Emilia Fox and Michael Sheen - was shown.

After the sketch was played, referring to Ant, Merchant joked: "That other bloke was good - you should do more stuff with him, he was good."

Review: Dec clearly can do it on his own

By Ben Sutherland, BBC News

Could Dec cope without Ant? The answer was - yes, generally very well.

There's no denying that he was nervous to begin with - the tension visible in his body language; his speech was that slight bit quicker than usual.

But he was welcomed to the stage with a massive roar from the audience, and having got into the groove with the usual catchphrases, he nodded to Ant's absence, noting: "I've got twice the amount of work to do."

And the nerves were understandable.

He had no more idea than anyone else how Ant's future might pan out - and he could hardly afford for the general impression to be that he is useless without his partner. At the very least, he isn't.

Read more

Merchant later added: "I don't care what the producers are saying back here, I think you're doing a great job."

Moffatt and Mulhern handed out prizes to audience members, a role previously filled by Ant.

Hugs

During the "Win the Ads" segment, Dec asked the contestant: "Have you been keeping a close eye on this week's news?

When she replied no, Dec said: "For some of us it's been unavoidable."

The presenter finished the show saying "Thanks for all the support", and was seen hugging Moffatt and Mulhern.

Image copyright ITV Image caption Ant appeared on the show as part of the pre-recorded Saturday Knight Takeaway sketch

Fans, including a number of celebrities, tweeted their support for Dec during the show.

Earlier, the programme tweeted a picture of the front page of the script which read: "Hosted by Declan Donnelly".

It was confirmed in a tweet last week from Ant and Dec's official account that Saturday's episode and the Florida finale would both be hosted by Dec on his own.

Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.Dec jokes he has "twice the amount of work to do" as he hosts without Ant after his drink-drive charge.



From the section Entertainment & ArtsImage copyright AFP Image caption President Trump (right) accuses Amazon, owned by Jeff Bezos, of not paying enough for deliveries

President Donald Trump has stepped up his attacks on Amazon, suggesting the online retail giant is ripping off the US Postal Service.

The US Post Office would lose $1.50 (£1.07) "on average for each package it delivers for Amazon", he tweeted, but supporters of Amazon dispute this.

Mr Trump also said the Washington Post newspaper was a "lobbyist" for Amazon.

Amazon owner Jeff Bezos also owns the Washington Post, which publishes stories unpalatable to the president.

Like most mainstream media, the Post has reported on stories including Special Counsel Robert Mueller's continuing investigation into links between the Trump election campaign and Russia, as well has his alleged relationship with porn star Stormy Daniels.

Saturday's edition details how three different legal teams are scrutinising the Trump Organization's accounts.

Mr Trump's attacks on Amazon have seen its share price fall in recent days, amid concern that he might push for its power to be curbed by anti-trust laws.

The president tweeted that the US Post Office was losing "billions of dollars" in its contract with Amazon.

"If the P.O. 'increased its parcel rates, Amazon's shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.' This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!" he continued, quoting the New York Times.

Image copyright Reuters

Amazon has not commented.

But supporters of Amazon point out that the Postal Regulatory Commission, which oversees the industry, has found that the US Postal Service makes a profit from its contract with the company.

This in turn helps subsidise the costs of letter delivery, which avoids the need for price rises.

It is unprecedented for a sitting president to single out one company for such vicious attacks, says the BBC's Business Correspondent, Joe Lynam.

Friends of Mr Trump in the commercial property sector have also been urging him to protect them from digital retail giants as they see shopping malls closing and rents falling, our correspondent adds.Image copyright Reuters Image caption Rostov-on-Don is one of the Russian cities hosting the Cup

Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has accused the UK and US of seeking to stop her country hosting this summer's World Cup.

Speaking in a lengthy interview with a Russian TV channel, she said their "main aim" was to "take the World Cup out of Russia".

The UK has been seeking to punish Russia after accusing it of mounting a nerve agent attack in Britain.

The Royal Family will shun the World Cup as part of the British response.

UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has likened Russia's World Cup to Nazi Germany's Olympic Games in 1936. and one British Opposition MP has called for the Cup to be postponed or moved.

However, there is currently no suggestion the England team will boycott the prestigious championship, which opens in June.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Russian diplomats leave Washington

Scores of diplomats have been expelled on both sides in the dispute over the poisoning of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in Salisbury on 4 March.

In the latest move, about 170 Russian diplomats and their family members left Washington on Friday evening.

At the same time, the US flag at the American consulate in St Petersburg was taken down following the Russian government's instruction to close it down.

What did Zakharova say?

Speaking to Russia's Channel 5 TV, Ms Zakharova said: "It's my impression that all they care about is taking the World Cup out of Russia.

"They will use any means. Their minds are only on that football and God forbid it should touch a Russian football field."

Russia denies any involvement in the poisoning of the Skripals.

Mr Skripal remains critically ill but stable, while his daughter is now said to be conscious and talking.

The Foreign and Commonwealth Office has said it will consider a request for Russian consular access to Yulia, a Russian citizen.

What is the background to the dispute?

The poisoning row has rumbled on for nearly a month.

The UK is adamant Russia is behind the poisoning of the Skripals.

UN secretary general Antonio Guterres on Thursday issued a warning over "a situation that is similar, to a large extent, to what we lived during the Cold War".

Russia says it is seeking a meeting with leaders of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) to "establish the truth" about the poisoning.Image copyright Getty Images

Female cabin crew at Cathay Pacific have won a battle to scrap a rule forcing them to wear skirts.

The Hong Kong airline has agreed flight attendants can choose to wear trousers, after intense union pressure.

Some crew had complained that wearing short skirts had made them feel uncomfortable - especially when putting bags in overhead lockers or taking public transport to and from work.

But change will not happen until Cathay next refreshes its staff uniforms.

That could take three years, according to unions.

"We welcome and appreciate the company's decision on giving us an option in choosing uniforms," said Pauline Mak, vice chair of the Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Flight Attendants Association.

'Protection'

The skirts-only rule has been in place since the airline was founded in 1946 - despite a growing backlash which appears to have gained even more momentum during the #MeToo movement.

Flight attendants had requested a redesign of their workwear in 2014 - saying the skirts were too revealing and may provoke sexual harassment.

Ms Mak said the policy change "not only provides us one more option, but also provides us with protection".

You might also like:

The airline said uniforms would be re-evaluated for crew working for both its Cathay Pacific and Cathay Dragon carriers.

"Just as we recognise it is important to provide our customers with more choice, the same is also true for our colleagues," an airline spokesperson said.Image copyright Getty Images

The former Korean Air executive who was sacked and jailed for a 'nut rage' tantrum on board a plane has made a corporate comeback.

Heather Cho, heiress to the South Korean conglomerate which owns the airline, has returned to work for another of its businesses.

Ms Cho will take control of four hotels operated by the KAL Hotel Network.

She hit the headlines in 2014, after forcing the plane to return to its gate during a row over how nuts were served.

Ms Cho was fired and later charged after the incident on the runway of New York's JFK Airport.

It emerged she had demanded a junior crew member be removed from the flight after they offered Ms Cho macadamia nuts in a bag, instead of presenting them on a plate.

Power abuse

Ms Cho, 44, is the heiress of the Hanjin Group - one of South Korea's massive family-run business empires.

At the time of the incident she was executive vice-president of Korean Air, and became another symbol of the excess and entitled culture in the country's so-called chaebols.

Ms Cho was convicted of violating aviation safety, coercion and abuse of power in 2015.

But after serving less than half of her year-long jail term, she was later cleared of violating the aviation security law and her sentence was suspended on appeal.

You might also like:

The court maintained the minor convictions, including interfering with business practices, but reduced her penalty to 10 months in prison, suspended for two years.

The Supreme Court upheld that ruling last December.

The flight attendant she scolded, Park Chang-jin, has reportedly launched legal action against Korean Air, claiming he was demoted and has faced discrimination in the company since the incident.Image copyright Getty Images Image caption GKN is a partner on the F-35 joint strike aircraft

One of Britain's oldest engineering firms has been sold for £8.1bn to a controversial investment firm.

GKN, which has had a hand in making everything from Minis to Spitfires, lost its battle to stay independent.

Melrose Industries, which specialises in turning round troubled manufacturing businesses and selling them on, won the backing of 52% of GKN shareholders.

Business Secretary Greg Clark said Melrose now had to honour its commitments to stay UK based.

Labour called Melrose a "short-termist asset-stripper" and condemned the deal.

Admitting defeat, GKN's management said it would now work with Melrose to ensure the success of the new company.

The battle for GKN, which employs 58,000 staff worldwide, 6,000 of them in the UK, drew protests from government, unions and GKN customers.

GKN's board had promised it would overhaul itself and sell off its car parts division, but it was not enough to stop investors agreeing to sell their shares to Melrose.

Christopher Miller, chairman of Melrose, said: "We are delighted and grateful to have received support from GKN shareholders for our plan to create a UK industrial powerhouse with a market capitalisation of over £10bn and a tremendous future."

News of the successful bid sent GKN's share price up over 6% to 450p. Melrose's offer is equivalent to 462p a share.

GKN's businesses cover aerospace and automotive engineering. Its Driveline division makes systems for roughly half the world's passenger cars and light trucks.

Its aerospace division is a major supplier to the US military and a key partner on defence programmes such as the F-35 joint strike aircraft in which the UK government has a stake.

Melrose's strategy it says, is to keep the company together "to improve all of the businesses in GKN, only realising their value once they have reached full potential."

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption GKN Driveline supplies some of the world's biggest car manufacturers

Alarm

However, what happens afterwards has alarmed politicians and unions and some of GKN's customers.

Mr Clark said: "During the bid, Melrose made commitments which they are bound to honour including investment in research and development and maintaining itself as a UK business.

"Now that shareholders have made their decision the government has a statutory responsibility to consider whether the merger in its proposed final form gives rise to public interest concerns in the areas of media plurality, financial stability and national security.

"This assessment will be made by the appropriate authorities and the conclusion set out in due course."

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Airbus has said new business with GKN after a Melrose takeover would be "practically impossible"

Before Melrose won the bid Airbus, which is supplied by GKN, said it would be "practically impossible" to give new business to GKN if Melrose's offer was accepted because it damaged long-term investment prospects in the company, which could reduce R&D budgets and limit innovation.

Paul Everitt, the chief executive of the ADS trade organisation, which represents the aerospace and defence sectors, said: "GKN is an important part of the UK industrial landscape and it is important that its owners continue to invest for the long-term and support high value jobs both directly and throughout its UK supply chain."

The Unite union said it would be holding Melrose's "feet to the fire" over concessions it had made in recent days and seeking "concrete guarantees" on job security, investment and future work in the UK.

Bid launched

Melrose launched its bid in January, initially at £7bn. It increased that this month to £8.1bn, with up to another £1bn to support the pension fund.

It argued that it could increase GKN's profitability which has been falling steadily over the last five years.

Image copyright Reuters

In the run up to the bid, GKN had also suffered a crisis of leadership, with its chief executive-in-waiting, Kevin Cummings, forced to step down after problems in the company's US aerospace division.

The new chief executive, Anne Stevens, a former Ford executive, devised a plan to merge GKN's Driveline with the US car components group Dana to create a new company. GKN would have got a 47% stake in it and $1.8bn (£1.28bn) in cash from Dana.

But Melrose called the plans "panicked and fraught with contradictions".As a child growing up in poverty in the rural Eastern Highlands of Zimbabwe, Moses Murandu was used to having salt literally rubbed in his wounds when he fell and cut himself. On lucky days, though, his father had enough money to buy something which stung the boy much less than salt: sugar.

Murandu always noticed that sugar seemed to help heal wounds more quickly than no treatment at all. So he was surprised when, having been recruited to come to work as a nurse for the UK’s National Health System (NHS) in 1997, he found that sugar wasn’t being used in any official capacity. He decided to try to change that.

Now, Murandu’s idea finally is being taken seriously. A senior lecturer in adult nursing at the University of Wolverhampton, Murandu completed an initial pilot study focussed on sugar’s applications in wound healing and won an award from the Journal of Wound Care in March 2018 for his work.

Advertisement This media cannot be played on your device. Are you ready to unlock Britain’s best-kept secrets? London and surrounds offer an irresistible cacophony of nightlife, food and drink, natural wonders and world-leading culture for you to check out. We’ve delved into London and its neighbouring cities of Brighton, Bristol, Liverpool and Manchester – all within approximately 2 hours – to unlock their best-kept secrets. Whether you're in town for a couple of hours, a few days or a week, allow yourself to be swept up by Britain's allure. Click here to find out more

You might also like:

• The best way to fix broken bones might be with glass

• The shocking new cure for extreme pain

• How can we avoid antibiotic apocalypse?



In some parts of the world, this procedure could be key because people cannot afford antibiotics. But there is interest in the UK, too, since once a wound is infected, it sometimes won’t respond to antibiotics.

To treat a wound with sugar, all you do, Murandu says, is pour the sugar on the wound and apply a bandage on top. The granules soak up any moisture that allows bacteria to thrive. Without the bacteria, the wound heals more quickly.

Evidence for all of this was found in Murandu’s trials in the lab. And a growing collection of case studies from around the world has supported Murandu’s findings, including examples of successful sugar treatments on wounds resistant to antibiotics. Even so, Murandu faces an uphill battle. Funding for further research would help him reach his ultimate goal – to convince the NHS to use sugar as an alternative to antibiotics. But a great deal of medical research is funded by pharmaceutical companies. And these companies, he points out, have little to gain from paying for research into something they can’t patent.

The sugar is the plain, granulated type you might use to sweeten your tea

The sugar Murandu uses is the plain, granulated type you might use to sweeten your tea. In the same in vitro trials, he found that there was no difference between using cane or beet sugar. Demerara, however, wasn’t as effective.

The pilot showed that strains of bacteria grew in low concentrations of sugar but were completely inhibited in higher concentrations. Murandu started recording case studies in Zimbabwe, Botswana, and Lesotho (where he first trained in nursing). Included among them is a woman living in Harare.

“The woman’s foot had been measured, ready to be amputated, when my nephew called me,” Murandu says. “She had had a terrible wound for five years, and the doctor wanted to amputate. I told her to wash the wound, apply sugar, leave it and repeat.

“The woman still has her leg.”

This, he says, is one example of why there is so much interest in his methods, particularly from parts of the world where people can’t afford antibiotics.

In total, Murandu has now carried out clinical studies on 41 patients in the UK. He hasn’t yet published the trial results but has presented them at national and international conferences. One question he had to answer during his research was whether sugar could be used on diabetic patients, who commonly have leg and foot ulcers. Diabetics need to control the level of glucose in their blood so this isn’t an obvious healing method to use on them.

But he found that it worked for diabetics without sending their glucose levels soaring. “Sugar is sucrose – you need the enzyme sucrase to convert that into glucose,” he says. As sucrase is found within the body, it is only when the sugar is absorbed that it is converted. Applying it to the outside of the wound isn’t going to affect it in the same way.

While Murandu continues his research on human patients, across the Atlantic US veterinarian Maureen McMichael has been using this healing method on animals for years.

McMichael, who works at the University of Illinois Veterinary Teaching Hospital, first started using both sugar and honey on pets back in 2002. She said it was a combination of the simplicity of the method and the low cost that attracted her – especially for pet owners who couldn’t afford the usual methods of bringing the animal to the hospital and using sedation.

McMichael says that they keep both sugar and honey in their surgery and often used it on dogs and cats (and occasionally on farm animals). Honey has similar healing properties to sugar (one study found it to be even more effective at inhibiting bacterial growth), though it is more expensive.

“We have had some really great successes with this,” McMichael says. She gave an example of a stray dog that had come to them after being used as “pitbull bait”, hung from a harness and attacked by pitbulls being trained for fighting. The dog came in with up to 40 bite wounds on each limb – and was healed within eight weeks.

“She was a stray so there was no money for her. We treated her with both honey and sugar and she did fabulously,” McMichael says. “She’s all healed now.”

As well as being cheaper, sugar has another upside: as more and more antibiotics are used, we are becoming resistant to them.

As well as being cheaper, sugar has another upside: as more and more antibiotics are used, we are becoming resistant to them

Back in the UK, tissue engineering specialist Sheila MacNeil of the University of Sheffeld has researched how naturally occurring sugars can be used to stimulate the re-growth of blood vessels. Her research stemmed from from her work on tumours, when she noticed that one particular small sugar derived from the breakdown of DNA (2-deoxy-D-ribose) kept cropping up. MacNeil’s team experimented by applying this sugar to the membrane surrounding chick embryos. According to MacNeil, the sugar stimulated double the number of blood vessels than would grow without it.

But of course these types of naturally occurring sugars found in our bodies are a long way from the type of everyday sugar used by Murandu in his experiments. The “dream ticket”, MacNeil says, would be to find a sugar that could be used in both ways. She believes this is the next step research should take.

Meanwhile in Wolverhampton, Murandu’s plan is to set up a private clinic using his sugar method. He hopes that one day sugar will be commonly used, not only by the NHS but also at public hospitals in some of the other countries where he has been working. He continues to get regular emails from around the world, asking for his advice – and guides patients remotely over email and texting. His far-away clients send him photos of their results along with their gratitude when they are healed.

It is an ancient method and one used unofficially by many poor people in developing countries, but for Murandu it was only by coming to the UK that he realised the significance sugar could have in the medical world. He sees it as a blending of his local knowledge with the modern research facilities in Britain.

“Like sugar, the knowledge came raw from Zimbabwe, was refined here – and is now going back to help people in Africa,” he says.

This story is a part of BBC Britain – a series focused on exploring this extraordinary island, one story at a time. Readers outside of the UK can see every BBC Britain story by heading to the Britain homepage; you also can see our latest stories by following us on Facebook and Twitter.I am sitting in a lab in London, holding my wriggling baby son in my arms, while two scientists gently try to remove a futuristic-looking cap from his head. The cap, which looks a bit like a swimming hat topped by a tangle of cables, is part of one of the most cutting-edge tools in infant research. It could reveal unprecedented insights into the minds of babies and transform our understanding of early development.

But right now, my 11-month-old son does not want to be studied.

“I’m sorry, baby,” says Maheen Siddiqui, a PhD student here at Birkbeck College’s Babylab, one of the world’s leading centres on infant research.

Advertisement This media cannot be played on your device. Are you ready to unlock Britain’s best-kept secrets? London and surrounds offer an irresistible cacophony of nightlife, food and drink, natural wonders and world-leading culture for you to check out. We’ve delved into London and its neighbouring cities of Brighton, Bristol, Liverpool and Manchester – all within approximately 2 hours – to unlock their best-kept secrets. Whether you're in town for a couple of hours, a few days or a week, allow yourself to be swept up by Britain's allure. Click here to find out more

You may also like:

• Why do babies laugh out loud?

• Clues to your personality appeared before you could talk

• The mystery of why you can’t remember being a baby

Siddiqui is using a pioneering technique called functional near infrared spectroscopy, or fNIRS, to study what happens inside babies’ brain cells when they look at faces, patterns or objects. In particular, she is looking at an enzyme in the mitochondria – the tiny power plants in our cells that generate the energy we need to live. The equipment she uses shines near infrared light into the brain: light with a specific wavelength that passes through bone and tissue but is absorbed by blood. The kit has been specially designed to be comfortable for babies.

Unfortunately, mine would rather play with the cap than wear it. Siddiqui carefully lifts it off. Laurel Fish, a research assistant, blows soap bubbles across the lab. My son cheers up. I am beginning to understand some of the practical challenges of investigating the earliest weeks and months of human life.

How do babies make sense of the world? Like many new parents, my husband and I asked ourselves this question constantly from the moment our son was born. Our infant seemed like a nocturnal little alien, mysterious and fascinating. He obviously had no idea what clothes were, so did he just think we were changing colour all the time? And since he had no sense of perspective, did he think we changed sizes when we walked across the room?

There is a long history of scientists exploring the secret world of babies. Darwin, for example, published a detailed diary of observations of his baby son (“...when he was 66 days old, I happened to sneeze, and he started violently”); his children became a way for him to develop his theory of evolution. But this history is also studded with some extraordinary misunderstandings, perhaps because babies cannot tell us what they think and feel. In the 19th and 20th Centuries, many scientists even held the belief that babies could not feel pain.

Modern research, on the other hand, paints a picture of babies as alert, sensitive and intelligent. In our first few years, more than one million new neural connections are formed every second. Much of this busy brain work is hidden. Over the past two decades, however, technological advances have helped scientists reveal more of it.

“This is the perfect mix of philosophy and science because you really are asking about things such as the origins of knowledge, and how thinking becomes, and how learning develops,” says Natasha Kirkham, an expert in child development and researcher at the Babylab. “I mean, these are really kind of big questions.”

In the early 2000s, much of infant research involved tracking the babies’ eye movements and laboriously analysing the results frame by frame, Kirkham says. “But now – it’s incredible what we can do. The neuroscientific technology has come on in leaps and bounds,” she tells me. “There is so much stuff you can do with a baby and learn so much about what they are thinking without them having to tell you.”

Except, of course, when they don’t feel like cooperating.

Having rejected the cap, my son is now watching a woman recite nursery rhymes on a screen in front of him, clearly more satisfied with this part of the experiment. For all his outward calm, his brain is now probably tremendously busy, especially the area located just behind his ear. This patch, known as the superior temporal sulcus, or STS, is part of our ‘social brain’. It is here that we process our encounters with others.

In adults, the social brain is well-researched. But in babies, it used to be completely inaccessible

In adults, the social brain is well-researched. But in babies, it used to be completely inaccessible. Babies simply don’t sit still long enough for more conventional instruments, such as MRI scanners, to work while they are awake.

This is where near infrared spectroscopy comes in. Siddiqui uses a new type that can measure activity at the cellular level, inside the mitochondria. There is some evidence that differences in mitochondrial function could be linked to autism. So far, the research has consisted of studies of postmortem brain tissue. She is hoping to eventually test the hypothesis on live babies.

Information age

Siddiqui’s project is one piece of a vast jigsaw puzzle of knowledge slowly being assembled at the Babylab. Researchers are gathering information from MRI scans of sleeping babies, sophisticated eye-trackers, EEGs that measure electrical activity in the brain, and even heart-rate monitors.

One common goal is to understand what typical development looks like, and then investigate why and how some babies develop differently. This involves studying their minds as well as their environment. Kirkham, for example, is interested in how babies manage to tell important from unimportant information, especially in disorganised surroundings.

Babies learn by observing the world, trying to detect patterns and predict what comes next. But this can be difficult if their environment is chaotic, or if people around them behave unpredictably.

“One of the worst things that goes on in a baby’s life that can cause endless damage is not being able to predict the reactions of other people,” Kirkham says. “That kind of neglect-abuse cycle where you don’t know what’s going to happen when someone comes home – or what they’re going to do – causes the most damage, because not being able to predict is frightening.”

There are too many individual factors involved for Babylab’s scientists to give specific parenting advice. But their research does allow parents to make more informed decisions – and not just because it underlines the importance of loving, consistent care. For example, their research on the effect of touchscreens on babies and toddlers found that their use is associated with less sleep, but earlier development of fine motor skills.

One tool that has proven particularly integral for these types of findings is near infrared spectroscopy. Shining near infrared light through the skull allows researchers to measure levels of blood oxygen in the brain. This in turn gives a picture of brain activity, since oxygen-rich blood flows into active areas.

When Babylab research fellow Sarah Lloyd-Fox began working with the technology more than a decade ago, it already had been used to study adult brains. To use it on babies, she had to develop it further. She now makes the standard headgear – a broad black band with attached cables – for other labs as well as conducting her own research.

“I think I’m one of the pioneers,” she says as we sit in the lab’s waiting room, a cheerful, toy-strewn space that feels more like a nursery. My son seems to have forgotten all about the funny hat. He tries to climb onto Lloyd-Fox’s lap. She points out the area behind his ear that is probably being flooded with oxygen-rich blood right now, his social brain working hard.

Babies as young as one day activate their ‘social brain’ in response to footage of a woman playing peekaboo

Lloyd-Fox’s research has yielded a series of breakthroughs. One of her studies showed that babies as young as one day activate their ‘social brain’ in response to footage of a woman playing peekaboo. Another indicated that the brains of four- to six-month old babies at risk for autism responded less strongly to social cues compared to a low-risk group. No-one had been able to demonstrate this at such a young age before.

More generally, the technology raises the prospect of the early detection of a whole range of neurological differences, helping children get the right support long before the appearance of any outward symptoms.

“Behaviourally, you won’t be able to see if this child has autism, or has been affected by under-nutrition, or has had brain injury when they’re premature babies, potentially until they’re two or three years,” Lloyd-Fox says. “But you can look if there’s a brain response prior to that baby being able to respond in a behavioural way.”

Lighting up

Because the NIRS equipment is cheaper and more mobile than an MRI scanner, it also could revolutionise the study of infants in poorer countries.

In 2012, a clinic in the Gambia contacted the Babylab to ask if they could use NIRS to study local babies. Lloyd-Fox transported the gear across bumpy roads to a field station, where she was able to replicate her findings.

The project was not only a first for the Gambia, but for all of Africa: previously, there had not been any infant brain imaging of the kind in the region. The collaboration has now grown into a broader study of early development in the Gambia and Britain.

One area of focus is the impact of malnutrition, as 25 percent of Gambian children are severely undernourished.

“One of the big questions is, how does under-nourishment affect the brain?” says Lloyd-Fox. “Even in adult research they haven’t really done this, so we’re really flying blind in a way in this field. We don’t really know exactly which brain areas are affected in any person, not just infants.”

At home, the Babylab is also undergoing a major expansion. The next couple of years will see the opening of a toddler lab complete with a virtual reality cave, which promises a completely new perspective on that crucial developmental stage.

Much of what parents do instinctively – the cooing, the cuddling, the funny noises – has firm scientific backing

Toward the end of my visit to the lab, my son falls asleep. Today has been another exciting day for him, filled with many new impressions. I reflect on what the experience has taught me as a parent. It has been heartening to hear that babies really do observe us and respond to us long before they can express themselves. It is also gratifying to know that much of what parents do instinctively – the cooing, the cuddling, the funny noises – has firm scientific backing, and provides the best environment for the brain to develop.

And as for whether newborns think we change colour and size all the time? Kirkham, the child development expert, said this was a brilliant question. Her answer: yes, it’s possible that my son initially thought we changed colour. But most likely, he simply ignored our clothes and focused on what really mattered to him: our faces.

The Babylab at Birkbeck College is currently recruiting babies aged 0-12 months who have a sibling or parent diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder for the NEST study. For more information, call 020 7079 0896 or email basis@bbk.ac.uk.

This story is a part of BBC Britain – a series focused on exploring this extraordinary island, one story at a time. Readers outside of the UK can see every BBC Britain story by heading to the Britain homepage; you also can see our latest stories by following us on Facebook and Twitter.Video

A Nigerian man dubbed Italy's "migrant hero" has been baptised by Pope Francis during an Easter service at St. Peter's Basilica.

John Ogah, 31, was begging outside a supermarket in Rome last year when a masked thief armed with a cleaver tried to rob it. He held the man down until police arrived - and was ultimately rewarded with a residency permit.

As the Pope baptised him, an Italian police captain stood by his side as his godfather.Aman Tuleyev said resigning was "the only true decision" following the disaster that killed 60 people.



From the section EuropeVideo

A story in The Observer about Brexit emojis fooled the BBC Breakfast team.

The presenters realised they'd fallen for the April Fools fake story after viewers pointed out what reporter Scherzo Primavera's name means in Italian: Joke of spring.London murder rate overtakes New York's

An ex-senior Met Police officer says he is "absolutely devastated" by the figures for 2018.Video

In Sarasota County Florida, the Carver family woke up to an alligator swimming in their pool.

The sheriff's office called out a specialist animal trapper and the animal was moved to a safe location and released.

Low water levels in the surrounding lagoons could be the reason why the alligator was looking for a new body of water.Stormy Daniels and Trump: Should the president be worried?

The adult film actress says she had sex with the president. What will this do for his political career?Video

Model and writer Lily Bailey has told BBC Radio 5 live she wants to change how people talk about obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).

OCD is a mental health condition that can mean a person experiences intrusive obsessive thoughts.It is the first ever case that is resistant to the main antibiotic treatment.



From the section HealthVideo

This 83-year-old, who's thought to be the world's oldest lingerie model, has a powerful message about ageing.

Video produced by Daniel South

Listen to BBC World Service's World Update programme on the iPlayer.Solar eclipse around the world

A rare solar eclipse is sweeping parts of North America, Europe and Africa, allowing a view of the Sun that is totally or partially blocked out by the Moon.One week, one goal: Getting to the US

An Iraqi translators struggle to get his family to the US after Donald Trump's executive order.Video

The Iraqi military's Joint Operations Command has circulated a video it says shows the destruction of Mosul's Great Mosque of al-Nuri and the famous leaning al-Hadba minaret.

The military, and the US-led coalition supporting its offensive in the city, said Islamic State (IS) militants had blown up the historic landmark on Wednesday night as troops advanced on it.

But IS said coalition aircraft had bombed the mosque.Video

Why are more women taking up fitness modelling?

If you enjoyed this film you can see more interesting people's stories on our Faces of England Instagram page.An ex-senior Met Police officer says he is "absolutely devastated" by the figures for 2018.



From the section LondonCar burglar caught with his pants down

A Florida car burglar is literally caught with his pants down as a wardrobe malfunction sends him crashing to the floor during a hapless getaway.Video

Palestinian officials say a number of people have been killed by Israeli forces, and hundreds more wounded, during clashes along Gaza's border with Israel.

Thousands of Palestinians marched to the border on Friday at the start of weeks of planned protests to demand that refugees be allowed to return to their homes that are now in Israel.Putin thanks crowds after election win

The president said the result showed "what has been done over the last few years".The Travel Show

Bringing you the biggest stories and most exciting destinations from around the worldVideo

Completely blind and severely deaf backpacker Tony Giles continues his journey in the Middle East crossing into the Palestinian territories and visiting the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem, where Christians believe Jesus was born.

The Travel Show can be seen on BBC World News and the BBC News Channel.

This clip was first broadcast on Friday 12 January 2018.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Video courtesy of Melody Kliebert

The internet is awash with gender reveal videos, many garnering millions of views. However, one such video has caused controversy online.

Gender reveal parties are a modern trend where expectant parents tell family and friends their baby's biological sex, often in creative ways involving pink and blue colours.

However, the Kliebert family's unique gender reveal video, involving the family's pet alligator and a watermelon, has provoked worries online over safety and animal protection.

In a Facebook video which has been viewed seven million times, Mike Kliebert, who runs an alligator farm, is seen placing a watermelon into the mouth of Sally, a family pet, in front of a crowd of people.

You may also like:

When the animal snaps its jaws shut, the watermelon explodes to reveal blue jelly - signifying the baby will be a boy.

The assembled group reacts with cheers of delight and, after the video went viral, many thousands of people congratulated the family on social media.

However, the video has also angered a lot of people who have strongly expressed their annoyance an alligator was used, calling it "hideous" and "cruel".

Skip Twitter post by @marcosstaga Surely this is a mild form of abuse? Treating that alligator like a circus animal. I hate people who do stuff like this thinking it’s clever or funny. — Marcus (@marcosstaga) March 28, 2018 Report

A number of people expressed their concern over part of the video showing a child rolling on the floor beside the alligator.

At this point in the video Kliebert presses down on the creature's head to stop it from moving towards the child.

Some online comments called the event "animal abuse," and journalist Yashar Ali wished "the gator would have bitten his hand".

One reply to Ali asked when people will "stop using and abusing animals for their amusement".

Kliebert has responded to the criticism he and his family received and addresses the "bad thoughts" people had about the gender reveal in a follow-up video.

In the later clip Kliebert introduces his son Blaze, who was the child rolling on the floor in the original clip, and explains there were "at least a dozen people there that are gator handlers" to make the situation safe.

While Kliebert goes on to say accidents can happen, admitting that the alligator in the background of the video has bitten him three times, he maintains that he is a "world leading" alligator handler and that his family provide a sanctuary for the reptiles.

When asked what he thinks about some of the negative comments made about the family's video, Blaze concludes they are "very mean".

And others agreed, with one reply to Kliebert's posts calling the original video "the best gender reveal I've ever seen".

Meanwhile, some people took the opportunity to talk about other gender reveal parties, such as this surprise reveal from The Graham Norton Show.

By Tom Gerken and George Pierpoint, BBC UGC & Social NewsImage copyright Getty Images

A battle is under way to force the global shipping industry to play its part in tackling climate change.

A meeting of the International Maritime Organisation in London next week will face demands for shipping to radically reduce its CO2 emissions.

If shipping doesn't clean up, it could contribute almost a fifth of the global total of CO2 by 2050.

A group of nations led by Brazil, Saudi Arabia, India, Panama and Argentina is resisting CO2 targets for shipping.

Their submission to the meeting says capping ships' overall emissions would restrict world trade. It might also force goods on to less efficient forms of transport.

This argument is dismissed by other countries which believe shipping could actually benefit from a shift towards cleaner technology.

The UK's Shipping Minister Nusrat Ghani told BBC News: "As other sectors take action on climate change, international shipping could be left behind.

"We are urging other members of the International Maritime Organisation (IMO) to help set an ambitious strategy to cut emissions from ships."

Trade and prosperity

The UK is supported by other European nations in a proposal to shrink shipping emissions by 70%-100% of their 2008 levels by 2050.

Guy Platten from the UK Chamber of Shipping said: "We call on the global shipping industry to get behind these proposals - not just because it is in their interests to do so, but because it is the right thing to do.

"The public expects us all to take action, they understand that international trade brings prosperity, but they rightly demand it is conducted in a sustainable and environmentally friendly way. We must listen to those demands, and the time for action is now."

Image copyright Getty Images

The problem has developed over many years. As the shipping industry is international, it evades the carbon-cutting influence of the annual UN talks on climate change, which are conducted on a national basis.

Instead the decisions have been left to the IMO, a body recently criticised for its lack of accountability and transparency.

The IMO did agree a design standard in 2011 ensuring that new ships should be 30% more efficient by 2025. But there is no rule to reduce emissions from the existing fleet.

The Clean Shipping Coalition, a green group focusing on ships, said shipping should conform to agreement made in Paris to stabilise the global temperature increase as close as possible to 1.5C.

Tangible goals

A spokesman said: "The Paris temperature goals are absolute objectives. They are not conditional on whether the global economy thinks they are achievable or not."

So the pressure is on the IMO to produce an ambitious policy. The EU has threatened that if the IMO doesn't move far enough, the EU will take over regulating European shipping. That would see the IMO stripped of some of its authority.

A spokesman for the Panamanian government told BBC News his nation supports the Paris Agreement.

"But", he said, "Panama, as a developing country that depends on the maritime sector for its progress, and aware that the welfare of its population relies on shipping, believes in the necessity of a well though-out and studied strategy that allows sustainable and efficient reduction of emissions.

"To haste into an uncalculated strategy that aims to reduce emissions to zero by the year 2050 does not take into account the current state of technology."

A recent report from the International Transport Forum at the rich nations' think tank the OECD said maximum deployment of currently known technologies could achieve almost complete decarbonisation of maritime shipping by 2035.

A spokesperson for another of the nations resisting targets told BBC News: "My country pushed very hard to get the deal in Paris. But you will notice that many of the countries opposing the restrictions on CO2 are developing countries that are distant from some of their markets."

Campaigners say huge improvements in CO2 emissions from existing ships can be easily be made by obliging them to travel more slowly. They say a carbon pricing system is needed.

International shipping produces about 1,000 million tonnes of CO2 annually - that's more than the entire German economy.

The meeting runs from Tuesday.

Follow Roger on Twitter.Image copyright ITV

Stars including Coleen Nolan and breast cancer survivor Victoria Derbyshire have been hailed "warrior women" for baring all for breast cancer awareness.

Eight women took part in The Real Full Monty: Ladies' Night, stripping off in front of a live audience.

Those chosen have all been affected by cancer.

They were seen on the ITV show dancing to This Is Me from The Greatest Showman in a routine choreographed by Diversity's Ashley Banjo.

The group included cancer survivor Ruth Madoc, the actress, and singer and presenter Michelle Heaton, who had a double mastectomy after learning she has the BRCA2 gene.

'Out of comfort zone'

Actress Helen Lederer also took part, along with DJ Sarah-Jane Crawford, Emmerdale's Sally Dexter and Towie's Megan McKenna.

They were assembled by Loose Women's Nolan, whose sister Bernie died of breast cancer in 2013. Another sister, Linda, is now battling the condition.

"I'm here and one of my sisters isn't - and one of them is going through hell again," she said. "I'm doing it for them."

Image copyright ITV Image caption Derbyshire became emotional during the show

Derbyshire was initially uncertain about taking part, breaking down on the first day of rehearsals saying: "This is so out of my comfort zone. God, this is day one, what the heck.

"I haven't cried for ages about having cancer, or my body or whatever."

It was also an emotional experience for Heaton, who talked about her reconstructed breasts, saying she felt "disconnected" from them.

They also took part in a Calendar Girls-inspired photoshoot, with food items covering their bare breasts, to increase their confidence.

Image copyright ITV Image caption The women took part in a Calendar Girls photoshoot during the documentary

On the big night, the women took to the stage in Sheffield in bronze sequinned wrap dresses - halfway through, they pulled off the dresses to show tasselled black lingerie, which they accessorised with red feather fans.

Turning away from the crowds, they removed their bras and covered themselves with the feathers, before then facing the audience - and removing the feathers. The final shot was filmed from behind.

It proved emotional for all of the women, with Derbyshire and Nolan sharing a hug as the performance drew to a close.

Image copyright ITV

Derbyshire said the programme, which followed a male version of the show featuring the likes of James Argent and John Partridge, had made her "really happy".

"There might be someone watching who learns something about breast cancer that they didn't know before and it might save their life and that is massive," she added.

Heaton said she felt "overwhelmed" after the experience, adding on Twitter: "#TheRealFullMontyladies has been the best thing I've ever done to help overcome my fears and raise #BreastCancerAwareness."

There was praise and admiration from the audience after the show aired on ITV1 on Thursday night.

Viewer Vikki Longman said it made her feel "empowered".

Skip Twitter post by @vikkilongman Feeling empowered this evening to love my body for what it is. Some of these women have had horrendous experiences. I look after myself with exercise and diet. i’m not a size 10 and never will b, but i am learning to love myself. Well done ladies. 💪#TheRealFullMontyLadiesNight — vikki longman (@vikkilongman) March 29, 2018 Report

Singer Sam Bailey said she was proud of all those who took part.

Presenter Sue Perkins said the programme was "joyful" and "empowering", while Anna Richardson described the stars as "warrior women".

Derbyshire later thanked people for their support - including one woman who said the programme made her check her breasts.

Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption WATCH: What is quantum computing?

In a laboratory in Copenhagen, scientists believe they are on the verge of a breakthrough that could transform computing.

A team combining Microsoft researchers and Niels Bohr Institute academics is confident that it has found the key to creating a quantum computer.

If they are right, then Microsoft will leap to the front of a race that has a tremendous prize - the power to solve problems that are beyond conventional computers.

In the lab are a series of white cylinders, which are fridges, cooled almost to absolute zero as part of the process of creating a qubit, the building block of a quantum computer.

"This is colder than deep space, it may be the coldest place in the universe," Prof Charlie Marcus tells me.

The team he leads is working in collaboration with other labs in the Netherlands, Australia and the United States in Microsoft's quantum research programme.

Right now, they are behind in the race - the likes of Google, IBM and a Silicon Valley start-up called Rigetti have already shown they can build systems with as many as 50 qubits. Microsoft has yet to demonstrate - in public at least - that it can build one.

But these scientists are going down a different route from their rivals, trying to create qubits using a subatomic particle, whose existence was first suggested back in the 1930s by an Italian physicist Ettore Majorana.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption WATCH: Quantum computing explained in 20 seconds

This week scientists from Microsoft's laboratory in Delft published a paper in the journal Nature outlining the progress they had made in isolating the Majorana particle.

Their belief is that this will lead to a much more stable qubit than the methods their rivals are using, which are highly prone to errors. That should mean scaling up to a fully operational quantum computer will be far easier.

At the Copenhagen lab they showed me through a powerful microscope the tiny wire where they have created these Majorana particles. Later over dinner, Prof Charlie Marcus tried, not altogether successfully, to demonstrate to someone whose last physics exam was more than 40 years ago what was unique about this approach with three pieces of bread and some cutlery.

"What's really astounding with this activity compared with what everybody else is doing is that we have to invent a particle that's never existed before and then use it for computing," he explains.

"It's a profoundly more exotic challenge than what's going on with other approaches to quantum computing."

Other scientists taking those other approaches are looking on with great interest and a little scepticism.

"It's one of those things that on paper look incredibly exciting but physics has a habit of throwing up spanners in the works," says University College London's Prof John Morton, whose research involves using good old fashioned silicon to build qubits.

"Until we see the demonstration we don't know how well these Majorana qubits developed by Microsoft will really behave."

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was challenged to explain quantum computing in 2016

He says this is a big year for the field, with the strong likelihood that Google or IBM will demonstrate what is known as quantum supremacy, where a problem that is beyond a conventional supercomputer is solved using quantum methods.

But Microsoft seems confident that its years of research will soon pay off.

"We will have a commercially relevant quantum computer - one that's solving real problems - within five years," says Dr Julie Love, Microsoft's director of quantum computing business development.

She is already out selling the company's customers a vision of a near future where quantum computers will help battle climate change, create new superconducting materials and super-charge machine learning.

"What it allows us to do is solve problems that with all of our supercomputers running in parallel would take the lifetime of the universe to solve in seconds, hours or days."

So, the heat is on for the research team. Prof Charlie Marcus, who spent most of his career at Harvard before being recruited to run the Copenhagen lab, says his life has been about creating knowledge, not building products.

"My job is to find out what works and hand it off to the engineers and computer scientists who will turn it into a technology."

Heading up the whole programme is Todd Holmdahl, the Microsoft executive previously in charge of the Hololens mixed reality headset and the Xbox games console - a measure of how serious the company is about making some quantum hardware pretty soon.

I pressed Prof Marcus on whether his team was going to hit that ambitious five year target set by his employer.

"We're sure going to try," he says with a grin.Tesla was on Autopilot in fatal crash

The company says a Model X vehicle involved in a fatal crash in the US was in Autopilot mode.Me and my endometriosis

Endometriosis affects about 1 in 10 women. These incredible ladies are speaking out after spending years in agonising pain, fighting to get a diagnosis.Have Your SayImage copyright Getty Images Image caption Andrew Bosworth says his memo was intended to be provocative

A Facebook executive's memo that claimed the "ugly truth" was that anything it did to grow was justified has been made public, embarrassing the company.

The 2016 post said that this applied even if it meant people might die as a result of bullying or terrorism.

Both the author and the company's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, have denied they actually believe the sentiment.

But it risks overshadowing the firm's efforts to tackle an earlier scandal.

Facebook has been under intense scrutiny since it acknowledged that it had received reports that a political consultancy - Cambridge Analytica - had not destroyed data harvested from about 50 million of its users years earlier.

The memo was first made public by the Buzzfeed news site, and was written by Andrew Bosworth.

The 18 June 2016 memo:

Image copyright Getty Images

So we connect more people.

That can be bad if they make it negative. Maybe it costs a life by exposing someone to bullies. Maybe someone dies in a terrorist attack co-ordinated on our tools.

And still we connect people.

The ugly truth is that we believe in connecting people so deeply that anything that allows us to connect more people more often is *de facto* good. It is perhaps the only area where the metrics do tell the true story as far as we are concerned.

[...]

That's why all the work we do in growth is justified. All the questionable contact importing practices. All the subtle language that helps people stay searchable by friends. All of the work we do to bring more communication in. The work we will likely have to do in China some day. All of it.

Read the post in full

Mr Bosworth - who co-invented Facebook's News Feed - has held high-level posts at the social network since 2006, and is currently in charge of its virtual reality efforts.

Mr Bosworth has since tweeted that he "didn't agree" with the post at the time he had posted it, but he had shared it with staff to be "provocative."

"Having a debate around hard topics like these is a critical part of our process and to do that effectively we have to be able to consider even bad ideas," he added.

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Facebook's chief says that Facebook does not believe connecting people is "enough by itself"

Mark Zuckerberg has issued his own statement.

"Boz is a talented leader who says many provocative things," it said.

"This was one that most people at Facebook including myself disagreed with strongly. We've never believed the ends justify the means."

A follow-up report by the Verge revealed that dozens of Facebook's employees have subsequently used its internal chat tools to discuss concerns that such material had been leaked to the media.

Analysis

Image copyright Reuters

By Rory Cellan-Jones, Technology correspondent

What immediately struck me about this leaked memo was the line about "all the questionable contact importing practices".

When I downloaded my Facebook data recently, it was the presence of thousands of my phone contacts that startled me. But the company's attitude seemed to be that this was normal and it was up to users to switch off the function if they didn't like it.

What we now know is that in 2016 a very senior executive thought this kind of data gathering was questionable.

So, why is it only now that the company is having a debate about this and other dubious practices?

Until now, Facebook has not been leaky. Perhaps we will soon get more insights from insiders as this adolescent business tries to grow up and come to terms with its true nature.

Fact checking

The disclosure coincided with Facebook's latest efforts to address the public and investors' concerns with its management.

Its shares are trading about 14% lower than they were before the Cambridge Analytica scandal began, and several high profile figures have advocated deleting Facebook accounts.

The company hosted a press conference on Thursday, at which it said it had:

begun fact-checking photos and videos posted in France, and would expand this to other countries soon

developed a new fake account investigative tool to prevent harmful election-related activities

started work on a public archive that will make it possible for journalists and others to investigate political-labelled ads posted to its platform

In previous days it had also announced a revamp of its privacy settings, and said it would restrict the amount of data exchanged with businesses that collect information on behalf of advertisers.

The latest controversy is likely, however, to provide added ammunition for critics.

CNN reported earlier this week that Mr Zuckerberg had decided to testify before Congress "within a matter of weeks" after refusing a request to do so before UK MPs. However, the BBC has been unable to independently verify whether he answer questions in Washington.Image copyright Getty Images

A man in the UK has caught the world's "worst-ever" case of super-gonorrhoea.

He had a regular partner in the UK, but picked up the superbug after a sexual encounter with a woman in South East Asia.

Public Health England says it is the first time the infection cannot be cured with first choice antibiotics.

Health officials are now tracing any other sexual partners of the man, who has not been identified, in an attempt to contain the infection's spread.

He picked up the infection earlier in the year.

The main antibiotic treatment - a combination of azithromycin and ceftriaxone - has failed to treat the disease.

Dr Gwenda Hughes, from Public Health England, said: "This is the first time a case has displayed such high-level resistance to both of these drugs and to most other commonly used antibiotics."

Discussions with the World Health Organization and the European Centres for Disease Control agree this is a world first.

What is gonorrhoea?

Image copyright CAVALLINI JAMES/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY

The disease is caused by the bacterium called Neisseria gonorrhoeae.

The infection is spread by unprotected vaginal, oral and anal sex.

Of those infected, about one in 10 heterosexual men and more than three-quarters of women, and gay men, have no easily recognisable symptoms.

But symptoms can include a thick green or yellow discharge from sexual organs, pain when urinating and bleeding between periods.

Untreated infection can lead to infertility, pelvic inflammatory disease and can be passed on to a child during pregnancy.

Analysis of the man's infection suggests one last antibiotic could work. He is currently being treated and doctors will see if it has been successful next month.

So far no other cases - including in the British partner - have been discovered, but the investigation is still under way.

Dr Hughes added: "We are following up this case to ensure that the infection was effectively treated with other options and the risk of any onward transmission is minimised."

Doctors have long been warning this could happen.

In 2015, there was an outbreak of azithromycin-resistant gonorrhoea centred on Leeds.

The fear is the bug could eventually become untreatable by any antibiotic.

You may also be interested in:

Dr Olwen Williams, the president of the British Association for Sexual Health and HIV said: "The emergence of this new strain of highly resistant gonorrhoea is of huge concern and is a significant development.

"We are concerned that the problem will worsen due to the dramatic cuts that have been delivered to the public health budget.

"Worryingly this has left sexual health services at 'tipping point', with clinic closures coming at the worst possible time."

Follow James on Twitter.Image copyright Reuters

When considering any difficult conundrum, it is often worth stating the obvious first.

Both sides in the negotiations between Britain and the European Union say they want a deal on trade once Brexit has happened.

Both have said they want that deal to be comprehensive - "deep and special" according to the UK.

Both have signalled they are willing to give ground to achieve their desired outcome.

Britain - for example - has moved on the issue of financial services' access to the European Union once we have departed.

No "passporting rights" as Theresa May admitted in her Mansion House speech in London earlier this month.

Benefits

Just one of the "costs" of Brexit the Government is now admitting are attached to the decision to depart.

Alongside the "benefits" on sovereignty and the freedom to sign free trade deals with non-EU countries.

Image copyright EPA Image caption The Prime Minister admits there will be costs to leaving the EU

The EU - for example - has agreed that Britain will be able to negotiate and sign (if not implement) free trade deals with non-EU countries whilst still effectively a member of the single market during the implementation period.

And despite many protestations that there would be no such thing as a "bespoke" free trade deal for the UK, Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, has made it clear that a different type of deal is exactly what is on offer.

As David Cameron's former advisor, Mats Persson, now of EY, points out, the offer of no tariffs and no quotas on goods trade between Britain and the EU already puts the deal in a better position than the EU's agreements with Canada, Norway and Switzerland.

The two sides do differ on sticking points and red lines.

'Equivalence'

Such as how on earth do you solve the Irish border issue without resorting to "technological solutions" that even the most optimistic of trade negotiators admit don't actually exist yet?

Or what does "equivalence" look like when it comes to regulating the insurance or banking industries for example?

And can that equivalence be too easily withdrawn by either side, leaving a great deal of regulatory risk on the post-Brexit table?

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, has made it clear that a different type of deal is on offer.

But, here are two sides in a difficult negotiation whose expressed will is to get a deal.

And, when it comes to negotiations, that is not a bad starting point.

Lower growth?

That is not to say for a moment that whatever Britain's deal with the EU, there are not likely to be costs.

Nearly all the economic modelling done on any future free trade arrangements - including by the government - have said comparative economic growth is likely to be lower for the UK.

And growth since the referendum has softened as Brexit uncertainty has weighed on business confidence and the inflation spike linked to the fall in the value of sterling has re-introduced the incomes squeeze.

That's when prices go up more quickly than peoples' wages.

That effect is only now starting to unwind as the pound strengthens once again.

The timetable is tight for the "political agreement" planned for later this year on a future trade deal.

The government insists it is doable as there is already a great deal of regulatory trust between the two sides, bound as they have been for more than 40 years in a trading union.

And sources indicate that Britain will show the correct degree of humility in asking the "club" to rewrite the rules of an organisation we have just quit.

Heroic assumptions, critics will say.

No deal has been done and Parliament has not voted on leaving the customs union or the single market.

"A shambles" according to the Labour MP, Ben Bradshaw, will remain just that until the government either falls or a different deal is put in place.

For the two protagonists, though, at least in this negotiation both sides want an outcome whose similarities possibly outweigh the contradictions.Image copyright Reuters Image caption The UK is due to officially leave the EU on Thursday 29 March 2019, dubbed Brexit Day

As the UK marks one year until Brexit, Brussels negotiators are indulging in a bit of muttering under their breath .

They consider the 12-months-to-go focus misleading for two main reasons:

The time left to negotiate a Brexit deal is far less than a year according to the European Commission. EU lead negotiator Michel Barnier says talks must wrap up by late autumn this year to allow the European and British parliaments time to vote on any agreement.

While the UK officially - and legally - does leave the EU next March, it is then expected to enter a so-called transition or implementation period where it remains tethered to the EU, maintaining most aspects of membership, including paying into the EU budget. That phase ends in December 2020 and it is then that Brussels feels the UK really, truly walks out the door.

As for a new EU-UK trade deal and other aspects of the future relationship, estimates as to how long that will all take to finalise vary from months to years.

Why can't it be all done and dusted by Brexit day on 29 March 2019?

Well, under EU law, Brussels can't finalise a new relationship with the UK until it is legally an "outsider" having formally left the club.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Brexit: The top five clichés

So, if all goes according to the EU-UK plan, by March next year they will have a completed withdrawal agreement under their belt, covering the transition period and the so-called divorce issues (the financial settlement to be paid by the UK; rights for EU citizens living in the UK and UK citizens in the EU after Brexit; and a concrete plan to avoid the re-introduction of a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Irish Republic).

This agreement will be a legal text, most of which has already been signed off by both sides.

The key sticking points that remain (and they're not small ones) are the Irish border and governance of the agreement - i.e. the role of the European Court of Justice.

More on Brexit: One year to go

The EU and the UK say they are committed to resolving outstanding problems.

Both sides really want a deal. Political, as well as economic and security, stakes are high.

In addition to the withdrawal agreement, the EU and UK are also working on what's being called a "political declaration" to outline the direction of their future relationship. As a declaration, rather than legal text, EU law does allow this to be negotiated ahead of Brexit day.

Just how much detail goes into the declaration is being debated at the moment between EU member countries.

Image copyright AFP Image caption UK Prime Minister Theresa May has pledged to keep the country "strong and united"

For Theresa May, performing a delicate balancing act to try and keep her Brexit-divided cabinet and country together, the less detail the better.

It is at this stage of negotiations (as I've mentioned in this blog before) that EU unity will begin to fray as the national interests of different member states come to the fore.

Expect disagreements, though not deep rifts - and watch the EU do its best to keep any infighting behind closed doors as Denmark prioritises fishing rights, Luxembourg focuses on financial services, Spain, Slovakia and Czech Republic push for the freedom of their citizens to come and work in the UK while Poland advocates a close EU-UK security relationship post-Brexit to help bolster the country against its volatile neighbour, Russia.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Poland's PM Mateusz Morawiecki says common sense will prevail in Brexit negotiations.

Speaking to the Polish prime minister recently about Brexit, I was struck by how often he used the word "compromise" - not often heard in Brussels when it comes to negotiations.

A stark contrast to a conversation I had with France's economy minister when I sat down with him.

He said he wanted a fair Brexit but also insisted the EU had no intention of bending its rules to accommodate the UK.

"We have to protect ourselves," he told me.

Big EU powers France and Germany are convinced that they gain more by protecting the EU and its single market for members than they risk losing in establishing weaker trade relations with the UK after Brexit.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption French Economy Minister Bruno Le Maire says his country does not want to punish the UK

Heading into this one-year-to go countdown until Brexit, EU countries are feeling confident.

The mood music with UK negotiators has very much improved and besides, the EU believes it holds the best cards.Image copyright PA Image caption Google's office in London employs 3,280 people

Google will pay nearly £50m in tax to the Treasury this year.

The technology giant's annual accounts show that the company will pay corporation taxes of £49.3m on UK profits of £202.4m.

Although the tax figure is the highest the company has paid - and up on the £36.4m it paid last year - it will be likely to reignite the debate about taxation and digital firms.

The total value of Google's sales in the UK is about £5.7bn a year.

It only makes a profit on a small proportion of that activity because most of the intellectual value of its business - the software engineering - is created in America, where Google pays the vast bulk of its taxes.

Google UK also operates as a marketing and sales arm of its European operation which is headquartered in Dublin, where corporation taxes are lower.

It pays a substantial "administration fee" to its European parent to operate across Britain.

"As an international business, we pay the majority of our taxes in our home country, as well as all the taxes due in the UK," a spokesman said.

"We are investing significantly in the UK, including starting work on new offices in King's Cross [London] for 7,000 staff."

Britain's digital presence

Image copyright AFP/Getty Images Image caption Google's European headquarters is in Dublin

The accounts say that at present, Google employs 3,280 people in the UK, an increase of 340.

The government and the European Union are both looking at increasing the amount of tax that companies such as Facebook and Google pay.

Pierre Moscovici, the European Commissioner for tax affairs, told me last week that digital giants did not pay enough tax.

A Commission proposal published at the same time said that a new tax on revenues should be levied, raising up to £4bn across the EU.

A substantial proportion of that could come to Britain, which has one of the highest usage rates of digital companies.

A tax on revenues is also supported by the Treasury.

Mel Stride, the Treasury minister, told the BBC that it was the government's "preferred option".

"Double taxation" problems

Google's 2017 accounts show that it had revenues of £1.27bn a year in the UK between June 2016 and 2017, up from £1.03bn between 2015 and 2016.

A tax on those revenues would raise substantially more in the UK than the present £50m tax bill on its UK profits.

Technology companies make clear that they abide by all the tax laws and that extra taxes on their activities could lead to "double taxation" problems - taxes being charged in different countries for the same activity.

The US government has also made it clear that it takes a dim view of efforts in Europe to make a special case of large technology firms, many of which are based in Silicon Valley.

The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, the international body charged with proposing new global tax rules for companies, has also warned about the dangers of "tax wars" as different countries apply different tax rates to companies.

Mr Moscovici said that he wanted EU agreement on the new revenue tax "by the end of the year", which many people believe is over-ambitious, given that countries such as Ireland have opposed the move.

The UK's policy could be announced in the Budget in the autumn.Image copyright AFP Image caption Cancers in women have a higher chance of survival

For oncologists worldwide, India can look like a puzzling outlier when it comes to cancer.

For one, despite reporting more than 1.5 million new cases every year, India's cancer rate remains lower than, say, the economically advanced US. That's about 100 cases per 100,000 people compared with 300 in the US.

This may be easier to explain: Indians are a vastly younger people and as people get older, the chances of getting cancer get higher. But survival rates are poor - barely a third of patients survive beyond five years or more after being diagnosed with the disease.

What is more difficult to explain is why more women in India are diagnosed with cancer than men, according to a new study published in The Lancet Oncology. Men report a 25% higher incidence of cancer than women all over the world, but India bucks this trend.

Sharp rise

Having said that, more men die of cancer in India than women.

But that is because breast, cervical, ovarian and uterine cancer, that account for more than 70% of the cancers in women in India, allow higher chances of survival on treatment. Indian men suffer largely from lung or oral cancer - both related to smoking and ingesting tobacco - which are more virulent with lower survival rates.

Breast cancer is now the most common cancer among women in India, accounting for 27% of all cancers among women. Oncologists say there has been a sharp uptick in cases in the last six years.

At 45-50 years, the peak age of onset of breast - and ovarian cancer - in India appears to be a decade younger than the peak age (above 60 years) in high-income countries. This could be due to genetic and environmental factors.

Image copyright AFP Image caption Breast, cervical, ovarian and uterine cancer account for more than 70% of the cancers in women in India

Cancer is, at times, a genomic disease. Studies have shown the BRCA1 and BRCA2 genes usually increase a woman's risk of breast cancer four to eightfold and can explain why some families have lots of relatives diagnosed with breast cancer.

But less than 10% of the breast cancers in India are inherited, so genomic screening may not be very useful to find out the cause in the vast majority of female cancers.

Then there are regional variations.

The incidence of breast cancer is the highest, for example, in the capital, Delhi, but oncologists are not sure why. They can only speculate about increased awareness and higher rates of diagnosis, and not much more.

Dr Ravi Mehrotra, director of the National Institute of Cancer Prevention and Research and one of the authors of the study, believes that known risk factors for breast cancer - high-fat diet, obesity, late marriage, fewer children, inadequate breast feeding - may be leading to more cases in what is a rapidly urbanising country.

Also, he says, many women may be diagnosed late because of lack of awareness and reluctance to go to doctors.

In the US, for example, 80% of breast cancers are diagnosed relatively early in the first and second stages. In India, most of the breast cancers are diagnosed in the third and fourth stages.

The only silver lining, say oncologists, is that 60% of those with breast cancer in India survive for five years.

"But we still don't know fully why women are reporting such a high rate of breast cancer," says Dr Mehrotra.

Image copyright AFP Image caption Breast cancer is the most common form of cancer among women in India

What can be more easily tackled is cervical cancer, mainly caused by the human papilloma virus (HPV), and accounting for nearly 23% of all cancers among women in India.

Since 2008, HPV vaccines have been offered to girls aged 11 to 13, and cases of the cancer caused by this virus have fallen sharply worldwide. In India, only Punjab and Delhi have HPV vaccination programmes.

'Preventable cancer'

But cervical cancer is still the second most common cancer among women in India, and accounts for a quarter of deaths among women suffering from cancer.

"It is one of the most preventable of all cancers," says Dr Mehrotra. "No women should be dying of cervical cancer."

India needs a louder and more transparent conversation about reproductive sexual health. It also needs to include the HPV vaccine in the bouquet of free mass vaccinations provided by the government.

According to the Lancet paper, India - a country of more than a billion people and 4,000 anthropologically distinct groups - needs genomic studies to identify country-specific genetic biomarkers. It also needs cancer prevention strategies that work for its people.

Image copyright AFP Image caption India also needs cancer prevention strategies that work for its people

For example, the Lancet suggests parallel studies of women cancer patients in the Punjab region of India and the Punjabi diaspora in the UK. "This might offer an unique opportunity to study the genetic and environmental influences on cancer development in genetically related populations that have been subjected to different environmental factors."

India launched a cancer control programme in 1976, but there's not enough funds because the government spends a mere 1.2% of GDP on healthcare. But sometime this year, the government will launch free cancer screening for oral, breast and cervical cancer in 165 of the country's 700 districts.

"Things are looking up," says Dr Mehrotra. "But we have a long way to go. We still have a long way to go before we solve the many riddles."Image copyright Waymo Image caption Test of the I-Pace are scheduled to start later this year

The first self-styled "premium" autonomous car has been unveiled in New York - and it's a Jaguar.

The vehicle, made in conjunction with Google's self-driving unit Waymo, will be tested on public roads this year.

By 2020, the firms say 20,000 self-driving Jaguar sport utility vehicles (SUVs) will be part of Waymo's public fleet.

The launch comes a week after an Uber self-driving car killed a woman in the state of Arizona.

The investigation into that crash is ongoing.

Waymo has committed to launching the first fully-driverless taxi fleet - without a human safety driver - in Arizona by the end of 2018.

"That Waymo is moving forward shows a lot of confidence," commented Tim Stevens, editor-in-chief of news site Roadshow.com.

"The company knows its technology is solid and it's eager to allow a wider audience to experience it."

Fatal crash

But public confidence in self-driving tech has taken a severe hit since the Uber incident.

It is not yet clear why Uber's self-driving car did not detect 49-year-old Elaine Herzberg as she crossed the road with her bicycle.

Velodyne, the firm that designed the sensors on top of the vehicle, said it was "baffled" as to why the crash happened, insisting its technology was capable of spotting Ms Herzberg.

Uber has repeatedly declined to comment while the investigation is ongoing - a preliminary report into the cause is expected in the coming weeks.

In the meantime, Uber has suspended its self-driving trials - and on Monday, Arizona revoked its licence to do so anyway.

Fancier self-drive

Waymo is a company spun out of Google's self-driving department and is owned by Google's parent company, Alphabet.

Image copyright Waymo Image caption Jaguar plans to build up to 20,000 I-Pace vehicles in the first two years of production

It describes the Jaguar I-Pace as the world's first premium self-driving vehicle.

Until now, Waymo's fleet had been made up mostly from Chrysler Pacifica models adapted to contain Waymo's sensor technology.

The I-Pace is already breaking new ground for its maker, Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) - it is the first full-electric vehicle from the company, which is owned by India's Tata Motors.

"That Waymo want to offer one million rides a day shows they're definitely going after Uber," commented Mr Stevens.

"For JLR, this gives the company a huge boost on the tech side. While the technology will be Waymo's, the image will be largely Jaguar."Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The war of words between the UK and Russia

This is building into the most serious diplomatic crisis between Russia and the West since Moscow's seizure of the Crimea.

Whatever the denials, Britain's allies have clearly accepted London's view - that the use of a military grade nerve agent in an assassination attempt in a British city was "highly likely" to be the work of the Russian state.

The collective expulsion of Russian diplomats from the US and 14 European Union states is a remarkable show of solidarity with Britain; even more so because it comes at a time when UK-EU relations are strained due to the Brexit negotiations.

Indeed Donald Tusk, President of the European Council, noted that "additional measures, including further expulsions were not excluded in the coming days" - a tough signal to Moscow as it considers how it will respond.

This is a significant diplomatic victory for Prime Minister Theresa May, and also marks a significant toughening of the Trump administration's stance towards Russia.

Britain was swift to point the finger at Moscow. But then it largely avoided public diatribes, seeking out every available international forum, from the EU, to Nato, the UN, and the highly relevant OPCW (Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical weapons) to set out its evidence and justify its conclusions.

This patient diplomacy has now paid off.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Paul Adams looks at why the UK is expelling 23 Russian diplomats

One must assume that many or most of the Russian diplomats designated for expulsion are intelligence operatives. Thus the cumulative impact on Russia's overseas intelligence activities could be considerable.

Russia must now ponder what actions it will take in response. But President Putin could never have imagined there would be this degree of solidarity.

Russia perceived Britain as weak and increasingly isolated; the EU as distracted; and the Trump administration as off-balance and compromised by President Trump's own curious unwillingness to castigate Moscow.

Mr Putin may have made a serious mistake. This is in many ways a remarkable display of concerted European action, though he may prefer to note that by no means all members of the EU have participated.

It may be the US shift, though, that is most significant. Mr Trump's approach to Russia has been curiously lenient and unfocused. But the US diplomatic action is noteworthy because it doesn't just involve throwing out 48 diplomats in the US and closing the Russian Consulate General in Seattle.

It also includes the separate expulsion of 12 Russian diplomats at the UN who are described by the State Department as "intelligence operatives" who have "abused their privilege of residence in the United States".

Only a few days ago Mr Trump was seemingly setting aside the Salisbury attack and talking about a new summit with Mr Putin. Will this now go ahead? And if so when?

Image copyright Reuters Image caption It remains to be seen what the frostiness will mean for long-term US-Russia relations

The current row comes just as the cast-list overseeing US foreign policy is changing significantly, with former CIA chief Mike Pompeo taking over at the State Department and John Bolton at the National Security Council.

While both men are closely in tune with the president on policy towards Iran and North Korea, Mr Pompeo must have a comprehensive understanding of Moscow's disruptive activities from his intelligence job, and Mr Bolton has long been an advocate of a tougher stance towards Moscow.

Russia is clearly in the diplomatic dog-house; and a frostier period of relations between Moscow and the West beckons. But this is also a moment for Western governments to define exactly what the Russian "problem" is.

Rhetoric about a new "Cold War" and a significant defensive build-up is all very well, but probably wide of the mark.

Image copyright Moscow District Military Court/TASS Image caption The poisoning of Sergei Skripal - which the UK and its allies blame on Moscow - has put Russia in the diplomatic dog-house

It overstates the case: Russia is not the Soviet Union, a global player with an ideology that mobilises people around the world. It has its strengths but also its weaknesses, not least its economy.

In recent years Mr Putin has made a good hand out of focusing Russia's capabilities on places that matter to Russia, where it has strong historical or diplomatic links.

Essentially Russia is a power close to home, in what Russians call the "near abroad". Thus it can mount a threat to Georgia or Ukraine. Syria in a strange way could also be included in this "near abroad".

Russian "power" may be reaching its zenith. It retains, though, an extraordinary ability to create trouble more broadly through hacking, information warfare, and by backing extremist political parties.

To counter this, Western governments and societies may need to spend some more on defence; but they certainly need to spend a great deal more on making their societies more resilient.

The first thing is to reach a common and comprehensive assessment of the problem. And the use of a nerve agent in the quiet cathedral city of Salisbury may just have set that process in motion.Before taking office, Donald Trump called the war in Afghanistan a "total disaster". But last August he changed his mind and announced that the US would stay until the war was - in his words - "won". Military commanders see air power as key to the hoped-for victory, and have assembled in the country what they say is the biggest drone squadron ever.

I'm lying in the belly of a KC-135 "stratotanker", peering down at the snowy IS-infested mountains of north-eastern Afghanistan.

Suddenly the first wasp-like F16 fighter jet comes into view. It delicately positions itself under the boom that hangs down from the back of this flying fuel tank and - moments later - has locked on. The "Viper" is now taking on hundreds of pounds of aviation fuel a second.

We are so close I can see the pilot glance up at me, yet - unbelievably - this intricate ballet is playing out at 20,000ft and at 500mph.

A couple of minutes later, its tanks full, the fighter arcs away and another noses up to take its place.

The scene is so dramatic, beautiful and bizarrely serene it is easy to forget its real purpose - wreaking havoc and death among the insurgent fighters that have been making steady inroads in Afghanistan since the Nato combat mission here ended in December 2014.

KC-135 "Stratotanker"

Image copyright Justin Sullivan Image caption US Air Force KC-135 Stratotanker

It is the backbone of the air war in Afghanistan, yet has been part of the American fleet for an incredible 60 years

Stratotankers are key to the air war because fighter jets typically can't fly long missions - the KC-135 allows them to attack targets and provide air cover to ground troops for much longer

The plan is to keep the KC-135 fleet in service for another 40 years - raising the astonishing possibility that fighter aircraft in battles in the middle of this century could be being serviced by a plane that is almost 100 years old

The sense of being insulated from the conflict is hard to shake.

Back on the tarmac at Kandahar airbase, I watch an MQ-9 wobble uncertainly out on to the runway.

The "Reaper" drone is surprisingly flimsy-looking, but this strange creature with its domed fuselage, distinctive downward slanted tailfins and rear-mounted propeller is probably the most controversial aircraft in America's entire fleet.

The MQ-9 represents asymmetrical warfare at its most stark.

Critics say these "unmanned aerial vehicles", as the US Air Force prefers to call them, alter the moral calculus of war by taking the pilots out of the planes, thereby converting deadly conflict into something more like a video game.

Maj Gen James B Hecker has the buzz cut, square jaw and easy manner you'd expect of a senior US Air Force officer. I'm worried he might be uncomfortable talking about the ethics of the drone war. But, as we sit in the shade of some sand-coloured camouflage netting alongside the runway, it becomes clear he's actually keen to talk about this notorious aircraft.

As he talks, I realise why.

He explains he's spent thousands of hours in the air-conditioned comfort of an airbase base back home in the US watching the footage from the array of high-tech cameras and sensors that are packed into the MQ-9.

Image caption Maj Gen James B Hecker

"I've spent weeks looking at a single compound in Afghanistan," he tells me.

"You kinda get to understand the patterns of life. You get a sense of belonging. You're kinda in touch with them when you watch them for so long.

"You watch dad playing soccer with his son, you watch him flying his kite with his daughter and kiss his wife goodnight. And you watch him sleep outside in the summer when it is hot."

He pauses, giving me a moment to consider this chillingly intimate image.

I imagine the invisible aircraft, thousands of feet above the scene, its blank eyes staring down at the banal routines of family life.

"Then dad would go out and plant an IED" - a home-made explosive device - "that might kill one of our soldiers, and then we would have to take him out."

He says this without any apparent emotion, and pauses again.

"We have to do that. We know that son, that daughter, will never have a dad again, OK? And that wife will never have a husband. Now that's the last thing we want. But what we won't stand for is for the Taliban to go in and kill a bunch of innocents. And that's what they are doing right now - blowing up innocent people."

This idea of unblinking surveillance backed up by deadly force is, of course, the most potent of propaganda.

The message back home is that these drones are precise, even surgical tools, dispensing death only when the target has been identified with certainty.

The message to the insurgents is very different - "We are always watching, you are never safe."

Find out more

From Our Own Correspondent has insight and analysis from BBC journalists, correspondents and writers from around the world

has insight and analysis from BBC journalists, correspondents and writers from around the world Listen on iPlayer, get the podcast or listen on the BBC World Service, or on Radio 4 on Saturdays at 11:30 BST

Read: Russia 'arming the Afghan Taliban', says US

The vast drone squadron America has amassed here - along with all the other aircraft - is evidence of the massive increase in the intensity of the air war that is a key part of President Trump's new strategy in Afghanistan.

Another key part is building the offensive capability of Afghan forces.

According to the commander of US forces here, Gen John Nicholson, the message to the Taliban is simple: "Reconcile or die."

Image caption Gen John Nicholson

What he means is, "We will continue the fight until you are willing to negotiate some kind of peace."

But it is a message the Taliban have heard before.

The truth is, the war here in Afghanistan has always been giddyingly unbalanced.

Killing has always been easy for the coalition forces.

Seventeen years into this conflict, the real challenge remains trying to create real momentum towards peace and stability.

And the commanders here really do believe that is happening now.

Other observers insist peace remains as elusive as ever, despite the technical wizardry bearing down on this fractured country.

Read more

Image copyright K.Schultz Image caption The Memphis Belle with full payload on show at Barksdale. The plane took part in the first Iraq War

The most feared bomber plane of the 20th Century is still going strong after 60 years in service in the US military - from Vietnam to Afghanistan. And she will keep on flying until 2044. How does this 1950s behemoth survive in the era of drones and stealth aircraft?

Read: America's iconic war machineOne of the major points of contention that many viewers had about the Oscar nominee for best picture Darkest Hour is a scene in which Churchill asks passengers on the Underground in London what they think, as German troops are closing in on British soldiers at Dunkirk, about a negotiated settlement with Nazi Germany to end the United Kingdom’s involvement in World War Two. To the sceptics who hated that scene it was symbolic of how Hollywood so often invents fantastical scenes to give a contrived emotional dimension to key moments in history.

And, as Churchill biographer Ashley Jackson points out, it indeed never happened, of course. Nor was it the only thing the film got wrong about Churchill. Darkest Hour also did get a number of things right, however. To learn more, click the play button above for the video to start.

If you would like to comment on this story or anything else you have seen on BBC Culture, head over to our Facebook page or message us on Twitter.

And if you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.Robbie Frei is passionate about the potential of 3D printing. After all, he’s seen its potential first-hand.

Robbie’s father is a Marine veteran who lost part of his right arm in Iraq. One challenge was that he couldn’t play video games with his children. So Robbie designed a 3D-printed adapter for him. He’s since made the design available for anyone in the world to download. The 18-year-old has heard back from several people who have used the adapter – including a 21-year-old Air Force veteran and a man whose daughter has cerebral palsy.

Since then, Robbie has also made a prosthetic for his dad that not only has fingers and can move, but that, like the adapter, could be affordably 3D-printed.

“You design one thing and can email it to someone else… and you’re helping people all over,” Robbie says. “That’s the power of engineering.”

Find out more in this video by BBC Future.

Video by Dan Kavanaugh. Editing by Bernadette Young.

Join 800,000+ Future fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter.

If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter, called “If You Only Read 6 Things This Week”. A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Culture, Capital, and Travel, delivered to your inbox every Friday.Some of the best news photos from the past week

A selection of the best news photographs from around the world, taken over the past week.Image caption

Workers pile up bars of soap at a workshop in Nizip, Turkey. Except for the mixing of the chemicals, the rest of the process is handmade and the soap is distributed to shops all over the country.An Ethiopian nun at the Church of St Mary of Zion in Axum. The red carpet has been laid out in preparation for the Lent Procession around the church.Image copyright Martin Eberlen

In July last year, Martin Eberlen travelled from his home in London to the city of Stanley, North Dakota. Then he began to cycle. His route followed the length of the Dakota Access pipeline, the controversial pipe that transports some 470,000 barrels of crude oil a day across four states. Here, in his words, are the stories he found along the way.

It was an unconventional journey that took me to parts of the US tourists rarely visit, through North and South Dakota, Iowa, and ending in Illinois.

Natural gas burns continuously in North Dakota, on many of the oil pads. The smell of rotten fish was overwhelming at some locations. However, you could not escape the heat.

The only real glimpse of the actual pipeline was the imposing valve stations. They dominated the landscape, usually sitting in a farmer's field.

They have been targets for vandalism by many protesters along the route. So, now some are guarded by private security companies. It is also not unusual for the occasional helicopter to pass by, keeping an eye on those below.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Rand Olson, of Stanley, worked for an oil company in North Dakota for almost 11 years. He now spends his time collecting relics from the automobile industry and creating sculptures from leftover scrap metal.

His back garden was full of flower displays constructed from old cogs and mechanical working parts, and large carbon-fibre animals. His pride and joy, however, was his penny-farthing, which he had placed on his front lawn, where he proudly posed for a portrait.

I had a long chat with Breeze in the car park of the Roosevelt Inn, Watford City. He works in the oil fields as part of a fracking team.

"I'm on $130,000 [£93,000] and I've only got a high-school education," he said. I was shocked at how much he earned, even though I knew there was big money in oil.

His life revolves around the job, starting with a 04:00 breakfast, followed by the 90-minute bus ride out to the oil wells, 12-hour working days and then the journey back.

It had been nearly five weeks since he saw his family in Mississippi. "I go home in two days. I can't wait," he said.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

After attending several appearances demonstrations, waitress Jessica Fears of Ames, Iowa, was arrested stopping a lorry from entering a pipeline construction site near Pilot Mound.

"I was put in a holding cell for 10 to 12 hours," she said.

"They took my photograph, which was later bought for me as a present by a friend of mine."

Farmers Gary and Linda, of Jolley, battled against the pipeline company for several months, before their land was taken by compulsory purchase.

They lost approximately five acres (20,000 sq m) during the construction process.

The land has never fully recovered, and no compensation for the crop damage has been paid.

Gary and Linda welcomed me into their home. After several hours listening to their story, we drove out to the field to see the damage.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

I was in my sleeping bag at dusk, in my tent at Little Missouri State Park, North Dakota, when the campsite host, Ruth, came over and persuaded me to head out for a tour of the oil pads, to see the flames lighting up the night sky.

She said the oil companies were able to do what they were doing because many landowners had sold their mineral, or oil, rights back in the 1970s.

"If they detect oil under your land, there's little you can do to stop them putting in another drill and extracting what they call 'black gold'," she said.

Saheed was carrying a Chinese takeaway back to his hotel after a 16-hour shift on a fracking team in the Bakken Oil fields. He lives in Stanley for up to two weeks at a time, working every day. He then takes six days off, using the time to travel back to Houston to be with his family.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Elder Memmot and Elder McDougal are missionaries from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.

In Illinois, I was fortunate enough to stay with a Mormon family for the night, learning about their religion, as well as getting a guided tour of their church, which sits high up on a hill overlooking the Mississippi.

Any Mormons I met from then onwards were thrilled I had visited one of their founding churches.

I also stayed at motels, but developed mixed feelings about them. They became a place of comfort for a good night's rest, but that feeling could quickly descend into isolation and loneliness.

I reached the end of the Dakota Access Pipeline at the Patoka terminal, Illinois, on the 23 August 2017.

After propping up my bike against the fence, I made the decision to head north to the town of Vandalia, for a well earned rest.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

All photographs subject to copyright.Image caption

Voters are bound to be wondering what the candidates will do to improve the economy, which is in dire straits. Some people, like this woman, are among the poorest in the world.Sierra Leone votes in delayed run-off

The vote was delayed after an allegation of electoral fraud in the first round earlier this month.Photographer Mark Fairhurst began his career photographing inanimate objects, from jewellery to plugs which were used in advertising. Seeing his work, someone told him that if you can make a plug look good, imagine what you can do for people.

It was this that sparked the idea of switching to portraiture and now an exhibition of his work is to be shown at Tetbury Goods Shed in Gloucestershire.

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Zara Tindall

Fairhurst's pictures are usually taken on location and often he has little time to capture the image he wants.

Brief Encounters displays images taken on a one-to-one basis, often only with a short time to prepare the set on location.

"It's a challenge to create a relaxed atmosphere other than in a studio," says Fairhurst. "I would never have thought that I would be in front of so many famous people in my career."

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Tony Benn

He works in black and white taking inspiration from photographers such as Irving Penn, Jane Bown, David Bailey and Richard Avedon.

"You have to be a psychologist and a photographer doing portraiture," says Fairhurst.

"Connection and the ability to put at ease, that's the key. Lighting is important, but a great portrait comes from a good connection at that critical moment in time."

Brief Encounters by Mark Fairhust can be seen at the Goods Shed Tetbury from 1 April to 13 May 2018.

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Fiona Fullerton

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Baroness Lloyd-Webber

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption James May

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Antonio Carluccio

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Jilly Cooper

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen

You can see more of Mark Fairhurst's work on his website.Dara O Briain and Angela Scanlon host the robot fighting show. This penultimate episode sees reigning champions Apollo mount their defence of the title. More

Dara O Briain and Angela Scanlon present Robot Wars, with battles commentated on by Jonathan Pearce.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption North Korean leader Kim Jong-un clapped along, like many others at the concert

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and his wife have watched South Korean K-pop stars perform in a rare event in Pyongyang.

Mr Kim clapped along and then met performers backstage where he conversed and took pictures, said reports.

It is the first musical delegation to visit in more than a decade as the leaders of the two countries on the divided peninsula prepare to meet.

More than 11 acts are in Pyongyang for two shows.

The North sent performers to the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics in South Korea earlier this year.

The exchanges come amid thawing relations between the Koreas after months of tension.

The concert, titled Spring is Coming, took place on Sunday evening local time at the 1,500-seat East Pyongyang Grand Theatre, said South Korean media.

The delegation, which combines K-pop, rock and other genres, is set to perform again on Tuesday.

Mr Kim is the first North Korean leader ever to attend a performance by an artistic group from the South, said South Korea's official news agency, Yonhap.

Image copyright AFP Image caption The South Korean musicians rehearse before the performance

His sister Kim Yo-jong and the country's nominal head of state Kim Yong-nam are also said to have attended.

Kim Jong-un "showed much interest during the show and asked questions about the songs and lyrics", the South's culture minister Do Jong-hwan told journalists, according to Reuters news agency.

Earlier, a North Korean audience also watched a South Korean taekwondo squad perform, this time without Mr Kim.

Mr Kim has agreed to hold summits with South Korean President Moon Jae-in and US President Donald Trump.

He met Chinese President Xi Jinping in Beijing last week during his first overseas trip.

The third inter-Korean summit - there were also meetings in 2000 and 2007 - is due to be held on 27 April. No date has been set for the US-North Korean summit.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption There are high-flying kicks galore as South Korean taekwondo athletes perform in Pyongyang before the music concert

Meanwhile, the US and South Korea have begun their annual military drills, which have been scaled down compared with previous years as both countries prepare for talks with North Korea.

Although nearly 300,000 South Korean troops and 24,000 American troops will take part, the drill will be a month shorter than usual and will not involve nuclear submarines.

In the past, the drills have infuriated North Korea but correspondents say that this time Pyongyang is keeping relatively quiet. Mr Kim reportedly told visiting South Korean officials that he understood that the exercises had to go ahead.

The musicians performing in Pyongyang include:

Red Velvet

A five-member girl group, Red Velvet headlined at the Pyeongchang Games this year.

The popular quintet who first formed in 2014 are still seen as relative newcomers, but have already managed to scoop up their fair share of awards.

They have also got a large following on social media, with some 4.5 million followers on Instagram alone.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rock band YB will also be performing in North Korea

Seohyun

A member of undoubtedly one of Korea's most famous K-pop groups, Seohyun made her music debut in 2007 as a member of the all-female Girls' Generation.

Image copyright AFP/Getty Images

The group shot to stardom in 2009, making Seohyun one of today's most recognisable K-pop singers.

In February, the 26-year old performed alongside North Korea's 137-strong Samjiyon Orchestra, which was part of North Korea's art troupe during the recent Winter Games.

Choi Jin-hee

The 61-year-old singer's 1984 song Love Maze was said to have been a hit across the Korean peninsula and can still be heard playing in Pyongyang restaurants.

It is also said to have been a favourite of Kim Jong-un's father, Kim Jong-il.

This is Mrs Choi's fourth time performing in the North.

Cho Yong-pil

An industry veteran, Cho is considered one of the most influential figures in South Korea's music scene.

Image copyright EPA Image caption Cho Yong-pil (r) arrives in Pyongyang

In an interview with Billboard in 2013, the 68-year-old singer was dubbed a "K-pop legend".

This is not his first performance in North Korea.

Mr Cho made his first debut in Pyongyang in 2005, where he held a solo concert attended by some 7,000 North Koreans - making him the most recent South Korean singer to perform in the North.

Lee Sun-hee

Another iconic singer in South Korea, Lee Sun-hee first made her debut in 1984.

The now 53-year-old travelled to the North for a joint concert in 2003, which marked the opening of the Ryugyong Chung Ju-yung Gymnasium - one of the performance venues for the upcoming concert.Space lab will fall to Earth 'within hours'

The defunct station is hurtling towards Earth but chances of it falling into your garden are slim.Video

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and his wife have watched South Korean K-pop stars perform in Pyongyang, South Korea's culture ministry says.

It is the first musical delegation to visit in more than a decade as the two countries on the divided peninsula prepare for a rare summit.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption China's space lab Tiangong-1 tracked on radar

The estimated window of re-entry for the defunct Chinese space lab Tiangong-1 has narrowed sharply.

The timeframe for the fall to Earth is centred on 01:07 Monday GMT (02:07 BST), plus or minus two hours.

Experts are tracking the module as it orbits at an ever decreasing altitude.

However, they will only be sure of the timing of the final plunge very late in the descent because of the uncertainties over Tiangong's interactions with the high atmosphere.

China has lost communication with the module and there is no way to control its downward flight.

However, the risk of any parts of Tiangong hitting a populated area is considered very low.

"Given Tiangong-1 has a larger mass and is more robust, as it is pressurised, than many other space objects that return uncontrolled to Earth from space, it is the subject of a number of radar tracking campaigns," explained Richard Crowther, the UK Space Agency's chief engineer.

"The majority of the module can be expected to burn up during re-entry heating, with the greatest probability being that any surviving fragments will fall into the sea," he told BBC News.

Precise knowledge of the re-entry time and location will come late

Typically, only in the last hour or so are experts very confident

Most of the module's components will burn up in the high atmosphere

Its orbital path means any debris is restricted in where it can fall

Perhaps 20-40% could survive to the surface - that's 1.5-3.5 tonnes

The highest probability is that this material would hit the ocean

Any debris path at the surface would be hundreds of km long

Tiangong is the 50th most massive object to come back uncontrolled

Launched in 2011 and visited by six Chinese astronauts, the 10m-long, 8.5-tonne Tiangong module should really have been de-orbited in a planned manner.

Traditionally, thrusters are fired on large vehicles to drive them towards a remote zone over the Southern Ocean. But this option appears not to be available, especially after the loss of command links in 2016.

Tiangong is now brushing through the top of the atmosphere, which is dragging on the spacecraft and causing it to lose altitude rapidly.

Thirteen space agencies, under the leadership of the European Space Agency, have been using radar and optical observations to follow its path around the globe, modelling its behaviour.

This collective, known as the Inter-Agency Space Debris Coordination Committee (IADC), has issued regular updates on the descent progress, and Esa itself gave its own final bulletin on Sunday. This forecast was for a four-hour re-entry window centred on 01:07 GMT Monday.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Holger Krag: Something of the size of Tiangong comes back "roughly every three to four years"

"A confidence of one hour is only reached about four hours beforehand. And one hour still means almost one revolution around the Earth," said Holger Krag, the head of Esa's space debris office. "But that's still good enough to exclude many countries and even some continents."

What can be said with certainty is that nothing will fall outside of 43 degrees from the equator, north or south.

This encompasses a region up to the Mediterranean and down to Tasmania, for example. It is governed by the inclination on which Tiangong was launched.

China has limited national tracking facilities around the globe and so had no choice but to keep the vessel on a reasonably tight equatorial path.

The International Space Station by contrast reaches 52 degrees north and south.

Tiangong means 'Heavenly Palace'

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Astronaut Wang Yaping memorably gave a lecture to school children from Tiangong-1

The module was launched in 2011 to practise rendezvous and docking

Two astronaut crews visited in Shenzhou capsules - in 2012 and 2013

They included China's first female astronauts Liu Yang and Wang Yaping

China plans a more permanent space station in the next decade

It has developed a heavy-lift rocket, Long March 5, for the purpose

Although about 5.2 billion people live within the re-entry zone, most of it is ocean, which explains the high probability that any debris that survives to the surface will hit water.

Dr Krag said: "We know from similar events that on average between 20% and 40% of the initial mass has the chance to survive re-entry heating.

"We could apply this rule of thumb also to Tiangong, I believe, because typically the same amount of heat-resistant material in relative terms is onboard all spacecraft.

"So that would mean between 1.5 tonnes and 3.5 tonnes might be able to survive," he told BBC News.

The components that most often seem to avoid burning up in the atmosphere are tanks. These objects are interior to the spacecraft and so are protected for much of the descent.

But they are also made from steel, titanium or carbon-reinforced plastics and these materials are generally more resistant to high temperatures should they become exposed.

Tiangong is certainly on the large size for uncontrolled re-entry objects but it is far from being the biggest, historically.

The US space agency's Skylab was almost 80 tonnes in mass when it came back partially uncontrolled in 1979. Parts struck Western Australia but no-one on the ground was injured.

Nasa's Columbia shuttle would also have to be classed as an uncontrolled re-entry. Its mass was over 100 tonnes when it made its tragic return from orbit in 2003.

Again, no-one on the ground was hit as debris scattered through the US states of Texas and Louisiana.

The redoubtable cataloguer of space activity, Jonathan McDowell from the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, reckons Tiangong is only the 50th most massive object to come back uncontrolled.

Skip Twitter post by @planet4589 By my calculations, Tiangong-1 will be the 50th most massive uncontrolled reentry from Earth orbit in history. — Jonathan McDowell (@planet4589) March 25, 2018 Report

China is participating in the IADC campaign and is sharing some of its data.

The nation has since launched a second lab, Tiangong-2, which continues to be operational. It was visited by a re-fuelling freighter, Tianzhou-1, just last year.

The Tiangongs were put up to demonstrate orbital rendezvous and docking capabilities - to be testbeds to rehearse activities ahead of China's more permanent space station.

This facility, which is expected to comprise a large core module and two smaller ancillary modules, will be in service early next decade, the Asian nation says.

A new rocket, the Long March 5, was recently introduced to perform the heavy lifting that will be required to get the core module in orbit.

Jonathan.Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk and follow me on Twitter: @BBCAmosShipping faces demands to cut CO2

The industry could contribute almost a fifth of the global total of CO2 by 2050 but some nations resist targets.Image copyright Reuters/ EPA Image caption The two leaders have a history of mutual antipathy

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan have traded barbs over deadly clashes on the Gaza border.

Sixteen Palestinians were killed on Friday after Israeli soldiers opened fire on some violent demonstrators.

President Erdogan accused Mr Netanyahu of being "a terrorist" on Sunday.

It came after Mr Netanyahu rejected Ankara's "moral lessons" and accused Turkey of indiscriminately bombing civilians in its actions abroad.

"The most moral army in the world will not be lectured to on morality from someone who for years has been bombing civilians indiscriminately," the Israeli leader said on Twitter.

"Apparently this is how they mark April 1 in Ankara," he added, in reference to April's Fools Day.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Clashes took place along Gaza's border with Israel

He has previously called Mr Erdogan someone who "bombs Kurdish villagers" in a reference to Turkey's military operations in the Afrin area of Syria.

Mr Erdogan had earlier labelled the Israeli response on Friday an "inhumane attack".

"Hey Netanyahu! You are occupier. And it is as an occupier that are you are on those lands. At the same time, you are a terrorist," Mr Erdogan said in a televised address on Sunday.

The escalating war of words comes amid growing international criticism of the Israeli military response.

What happened on Friday?

Clashes broke out after thousands of Palestinians marched to the border at the start of a six-week protest, dubbed the Great March of Return.

The demonstration comes ahead of the 70th anniversary of the founding of Israel and the exodus of many Arabs - which Palestinians refer to as the "Nakba" (Catastrophe).

Image caption Palestinians have pitched five camps near the border for the protest. Source: Haaretz

Although most protesters stayed in the encampments, some groups of youths ignored organisers' calls to stay away from the fence and headed closer to Israeli positions.

The Israel Defence Forces (IDF) said troops fired "towards the main instigators" during rioting in which petrol bombs and stones were thrown.

Palestinians accused Israel of using disproportionate force in their response, with leader Mahmoud Abbas saying Israel bore "full responsibility" for the bloodshed.

With 16 fatalities, Friday was the single deadliest day in the Israel-Palestine conflict since the 2014 Gaza war.

The UN says hundreds more were injured.

Image copyright AFP Image caption Mourners pictured at funeral of Hamdan Abu Amsha on Sunday, as ceremonies take place for those who died

Israeli military Gen Ronen Manelis told journalists on Saturday that Hamas - the militant group that controls Gaza - was using protests as a cover for launching attacks on Israel.

Israel's ambassador to the UN, Danny Danon, also blamed the bloodshed on the militant group.

The country has rejected calls from international leaders, including UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres, for an independent investigation into the violence.Death sentences in Kuwait for maid murder

A couple is held responsible for the death of Joanna Demafelis whose body was found in a freezer.This crowd is made up of priests on a pilgrimage in Bucharest, Romania, ahead of Orthodox Palm Sunday. Many Orthodox churches base their Easter date on the Julian calendar, not the Gregorian calendar used by Western countries. This year, Orthodox Easter Sunday will fall on 8 April.Space lab will fall to Earth 'within hours'

The defunct station is hurtling towards Earth but chances of it falling into your garden are slim.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Declan Donnelly joked he had "twice the amount of work to do"

Declan Donnelly joked he had "twice the amount of work to do" as he presented Saturday Night Takeaway without Ant for the first time.

The decision to host alone was made after Ant McPartlin was charged with drink driving following a collision in south-west London.

Ant still had some screen time in a pre-recorded comedy sketch.

Show regulars Scarlett Moffatt and Stephen Mulhern also took on greater presenting roles.

Coming down the steps to loud applause, Dec thanked the audience for the "very, very warm welcome".

"I've got twice the amount of work to do so we're going to crack on," he joked.

Guest announcer and comedian Stephen Merchant told Dec: "I can't help but notice a little bit of space on the stage there - any chance I can come down?"

But he added: "You don't want me standing next to you because I'm 6ft 7in and you're considerably smaller."

The pre-recorded Saturday Knight Takeaway sketch segment - featuring Ant with Dec, Joanna Lumley, Emilia Fox and Michael Sheen - was shown.

After the sketch was played, referring to Ant, Merchant joked: "That other bloke was good - you should do more stuff with him, he was good."

Review: Dec clearly can do it on his own

By Ben Sutherland, BBC News

Could Dec cope without Ant? The answer was - yes, generally very well.

There's no denying that he was nervous to begin with - the tension visible in his body language; his speech was that slight bit quicker than usual.

But he was welcomed to the stage with a massive roar from the audience, and having got into the groove with the usual catchphrases, he nodded to Ant's absence, noting: "I've got twice the amount of work to do."

And the nerves were understandable.

He had no more idea than anyone else how Ant's future might pan out - and he could hardly afford for the general impression to be that he is useless without his partner. At the very least, he isn't.

Read more

Merchant later added: "I don't care what the producers are saying back here, I think you're doing a great job."

Moffatt and Mulhern handed out prizes to audience members, a role previously filled by Ant.

Hugs

During the "Win the Ads" segment, Dec asked the contestant: "Have you been keeping a close eye on this week's news?

When she replied no, Dec said: "For some of us it's been unavoidable."

The presenter finished the show saying "Thanks for all the support", and was seen hugging Moffatt and Mulhern.

Image copyright ITV Image caption Ant appeared on the show as part of the pre-recorded Saturday Knight Takeaway sketch

Fans, including a number of celebrities, tweeted their support for Dec during the show.

Earlier, the programme tweeted a picture of the front page of the script which read: "Hosted by Declan Donnelly".

It was confirmed in a tweet last week from Ant and Dec's official account that Saturday's episode and the Florida finale would both be hosted by Dec on his own.

Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.Dec jokes he has "twice the amount of work to do" as he hosts without Ant after his drink-drive charge.



From the section Entertainment & ArtsImage copyright AFP Image caption President Trump (right) accuses Amazon, owned by Jeff Bezos, of not paying enough for deliveries

President Donald Trump has stepped up his attacks on Amazon, suggesting the online retail giant is ripping off the US Postal Service.

The US Post Office would lose $1.50 (£1.07) "on average for each package it delivers for Amazon", he tweeted, but supporters of Amazon dispute this.

Mr Trump also said the Washington Post newspaper was a "lobbyist" for Amazon.

Amazon owner Jeff Bezos also owns the Washington Post, which publishes stories unpalatable to the president.

Like most mainstream media, the Post has reported on stories including Special Counsel Robert Mueller's continuing investigation into links between the Trump election campaign and Russia, as well has his alleged relationship with porn star Stormy Daniels.

Saturday's edition details how three different legal teams are scrutinising the Trump Organization's accounts.

Mr Trump's attacks on Amazon have seen its share price fall in recent days, amid concern that he might push for its power to be curbed by anti-trust laws.

The president tweeted that the US Post Office was losing "billions of dollars" in its contract with Amazon.

"If the P.O. 'increased its parcel rates, Amazon's shipping costs would rise by $2.6 Billion.' This Post Office scam must stop. Amazon must pay real costs (and taxes) now!" he continued, quoting the New York Times.

Image copyright Reuters

Amazon has not commented.

But supporters of Amazon point out that the Postal Regulatory Commission, which oversees the industry, has found that the US Postal Service makes a profit from its contract with the company.

This in turn helps subsidise the costs of letter delivery, which avoids the need for price rises.

It is unprecedented for a sitting president to single out one company for such vicious attacks, says the BBC's Business Correspondent, Joe Lynam.

Friends of Mr Trump in the commercial property sector have also been urging him to protect them from digital retail giants as they see shopping malls closing and rents falling, our correspondent adds.Image copyright Reuters Image caption Rostov-on-Don is one of the Russian cities hosting the Cup

Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova has accused the UK and US of seeking to stop her country hosting this summer's World Cup.

Speaking in a lengthy interview with a Russian TV channel, she said their "main aim" was to "take the World Cup out of Russia".

The UK has been seeking to punish Russia after accusing it of mounting a nerve agent attack in Britain.

The Royal Family will shun the World Cup as part of the British response.

UK Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has likened Russia's World Cup to Nazi Germany's Olympic Games in 1936. and one British Opposition MP has called for the Cup to be postponed or moved.

However, there is currently no suggestion the England team will boycott the prestigious championship, which opens in June.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Russian diplomats leave Washington

Scores of diplomats have been expelled on both sides in the dispute over the poisoning of former Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in Salisbury on 4 March.

In the latest move, about 170 Russian diplomats and their family members left Washington on Friday evening.

At the same time, the US flag at the American consulate in St Petersburg was taken down following the Russian government's instruction to close it down.

What did Zakharova say?

Speaking to Russia's Channel 5 TV, Ms Zakharova said: "It's my impression that all they care about is taking the World Cup out of Russia.

"They will use any means. Their minds are only on that football and God forbid it should touch a Russian football field."

Russia denies any involvement in the poisoning of the Skripals.

Mr Skripal remains critically ill but stable, while his daughter is now said to be conscious and talking.

The Foreign and Commonwealth Office has said it will consider a request for Russian consular access to Yulia, a Russian citizen.

What is the background to the dispute?

The poisoning row has rumbled on for nearly a month.

The UK is adamant Russia is behind the poisoning of the Skripals.

UN secretary general Antonio Guterres on Thursday issued a warning over "a situation that is similar, to a large extent, to what we lived during the Cold War".

Russia says it is seeking a meeting with leaders of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) to "establish the truth" about the poisoning.Image copyright Getty Images

Female cabin crew at Cathay Pacific have won a battle to scrap a rule forcing them to wear skirts.

The Hong Kong airline has agreed flight attendants can choose to wear trousers, after intense union pressure.

Some crew had complained that wearing short skirts had made them feel uncomfortable - especially when putting bags in overhead lockers or taking public transport to and from work.

But change will not happen until Cathay next refreshes its staff uniforms.

That could take three years, according to unions.

"We welcome and appreciate the company's decision on giving us an option in choosing uniforms," said Pauline Mak, vice chair of the Hong Kong Dragon Airlines Flight Attendants Association.

'Protection'

The skirts-only rule has been in place since the airline was founded in 1946 - despite a growing backlash which appears to have gained even more momentum during the #MeToo movement.

Flight attendants had requested a redesign of their workwear in 2014 - saying the skirts were too revealing and may provoke sexual harassment.

Ms Mak said the policy change "not only provides us one more option, but also provides us with protection".

You might also like:

The airline said uniforms would be re-evaluated for crew working for both its Cathay Pacific and Cathay Dragon carriers.

"Just as we recognise it is important to provide our customers with more choice, the same is also true for our colleagues," an airline spokesperson said.Image copyright Getty Images

The former Korean Air executive who was sacked and jailed for a 'nut rage' tantrum on board a plane has made a corporate comeback.

Heather Cho, heiress to the South Korean conglomerate which owns the airline, has returned to work for another of its businesses.

Ms Cho will take control of four hotels operated by the KAL Hotel Network.

She hit the headlines in 2014, after forcing the plane to return to its gate during a row over how nuts were served.

Ms Cho was fired and later charged after the incident on the runway of New York's JFK Airport.

It emerged she had demanded a junior crew member be removed from the flight after they offered Ms Cho macadamia nuts in a bag, instead of presenting them on a plate.

Power abuse

Ms Cho, 44, is the heiress of the Hanjin Group - one of South Korea's massive family-run business empires.

At the time of the incident she was executive vice-president of Korean Air, and became another symbol of the excess and entitled culture in the country's so-called chaebols.

Ms Cho was convicted of violating aviation safety, coercion and abuse of power in 2015.

But after serving less than half of her year-long jail term, she was later cleared of violating the aviation security law and her sentence was suspended on appeal.

You might also like:

The court maintained the minor convictions, including interfering with business practices, but reduced her penalty to 10 months in prison, suspended for two years.

The Supreme Court upheld that ruling last December.

The flight attendant she scolded, Park Chang-jin, has reportedly launched legal action against Korean Air, claiming he was demoted and has faced discrimination in the company since the incident.Image copyright Getty Images Image caption GKN is a partner on the F-35 joint strike aircraft

One of Britain's oldest engineering firms has been sold for £8.1bn to a controversial investment firm.

GKN, which has had a hand in making everything from Minis to Spitfires, lost its battle to stay independent.

Melrose Industries, which specialises in turning round troubled manufacturing businesses and selling them on, won the backing of 52% of GKN shareholders.

Business Secretary Greg Clark said Melrose now had to honour its commitments to stay UK based.

Labour called Melrose a "short-termist asset-stripper" and condemned the deal.

Admitting defeat, GKN's management said it would now work with Melrose to ensure the success of the new company.

The battle for GKN, which employs 58,000 staff worldwide, 6,000 of them in the UK, drew protests from government, unions and GKN customers.

GKN's board had promised it would overhaul itself and sell off its car parts division, but it was not enough to stop investors agreeing to sell their shares to Melrose.

Christopher Miller, chairman of Melrose, said: "We are delighted and grateful to have received support from GKN shareholders for our plan to create a UK industrial powerhouse with a market capitalisation of over £10bn and a tremendous future."

News of the successful bid sent GKN's share price up over 6% to 450p. Melrose's offer is equivalent to 462p a share.

GKN's businesses cover aerospace and automotive engineering. Its Driveline division makes systems for roughly half the world's passenger cars and light trucks.

Its aerospace division is a major supplier to the US military and a key partner on defence programmes such as the F-35 joint strike aircraft in which the UK government has a stake.

Melrose's strategy it says, is to keep the company together "to improve all of the businesses in GKN, only realising their value once they have reached full potential."

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption GKN Driveline supplies some of the world's biggest car manufacturers

Alarm

However, what happens afterwards has alarmed politicians and unions and some of GKN's customers.

Mr Clark said: "During the bid, Melrose made commitments which they are bound to honour including investment in research and development and maintaining itself as a UK business.

"Now that shareholders have made their decision the government has a statutory responsibility to consider whether the merger in its proposed final form gives rise to public interest concerns in the areas of media plurality, financial stability and national security.

"This assessment will be made by the appropriate authorities and the conclusion set out in due course."

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Airbus has said new business with GKN after a Melrose takeover would be "practically impossible"

Before Melrose won the bid Airbus, which is supplied by GKN, said it would be "practically impossible" to give new business to GKN if Melrose's offer was accepted because it damaged long-term investment prospects in the company, which could reduce R&D budgets and limit innovation.

Paul Everitt, the chief executive of the ADS trade organisation, which represents the aerospace and defence sectors, said: "GKN is an important part of the UK industrial landscape and it is important that its owners continue to invest for the long-term and support high value jobs both directly and throughout its UK supply chain."

The Unite union said it would be holding Melrose's "feet to the fire" over concessions it had made in recent days and seeking "concrete guarantees" on job security, investment and future work in the UK.

Bid launched

Melrose launched its bid in January, initially at £7bn. It increased that this month to £8.1bn, with up to another £1bn to support the pension fund.

It argued that it could increase GKN's profitability which has been falling steadily over the last five years.

Image copyright Reuters

In the run up to the bid, GKN had also suffered a crisis of leadership, with its chief executive-in-waiting, Kevin Cummings, forced to step down after problems in the company's US aerospace division.

The new chief executive, Anne Stevens, a former Ford executive, devised a plan to merge GKN's Driveline with the US car components group Dana to create a new company. GKN would have got a 47% stake in it and $1.8bn (£1.28bn) in cash from Dana.

But Melrose called the plans "panicked and fraught with contradictions".Video

A Nigerian man dubbed Italy's "migrant hero" has been baptised by Pope Francis during an Easter service at St. Peter's Basilica.

John Ogah, 31, was begging outside a supermarket in Rome last year when a masked thief armed with a cleaver tried to rob it. He held the man down until police arrived - and was ultimately rewarded with a residency permit.

As the Pope baptised him, an Italian police captain stood by his side as his godfather.Aman Tuleyev said resigning was "the only true decision" following the disaster that killed 60 people.



From the section EuropeVideo

A story in The Observer about Brexit emojis fooled the BBC Breakfast team.

The presenters realised they'd fallen for the April Fools fake story after viewers pointed out what reporter Scherzo Primavera's name means in Italian: Joke of spring.London murder rate overtakes New York's

An ex-senior Met Police officer says he is "absolutely devastated" by the figures for 2018.Video

In Sarasota County Florida, the Carver family woke up to an alligator swimming in their pool.

The sheriff's office called out a specialist animal trapper and the animal was moved to a safe location and released.

Low water levels in the surrounding lagoons could be the reason why the alligator was looking for a new body of water.Stormy Daniels and Trump: Should the president be worried?

The adult film actress says she had sex with the president. What will this do for his political career?Video

Model and writer Lily Bailey has told BBC Radio 5 live she wants to change how people talk about obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).

OCD is a mental health condition that can mean a person experiences intrusive obsessive thoughts.It is the first ever case that is resistant to the main antibiotic treatment.



From the section HealthVideo

This 83-year-old, who's thought to be the world's oldest lingerie model, has a powerful message about ageing.

Video produced by Daniel South

Listen to BBC World Service's World Update programme on the iPlayer.Solar eclipse around the world

A rare solar eclipse is sweeping parts of North America, Europe and Africa, allowing a view of the Sun that is totally or partially blocked out by the Moon.One week, one goal: Getting to the US

An Iraqi translators struggle to get his family to the US after Donald Trump's executive order.Video

The Iraqi military's Joint Operations Command has circulated a video it says shows the destruction of Mosul's Great Mosque of al-Nuri and the famous leaning al-Hadba minaret.

The military, and the US-led coalition supporting its offensive in the city, said Islamic State (IS) militants had blown up the historic landmark on Wednesday night as troops advanced on it.

But IS said coalition aircraft had bombed the mosque.Video

Why are more women taking up fitness modelling?

If you enjoyed this film you can see more interesting people's stories on our Faces of England Instagram page.An ex-senior Met Police officer says he is "absolutely devastated" by the figures for 2018.



From the section LondonCar burglar caught with his pants down

A Florida car burglar is literally caught with his pants down as a wardrobe malfunction sends him crashing to the floor during a hapless getaway.Video

Palestinian officials say a number of people have been killed by Israeli forces, and hundreds more wounded, during clashes along Gaza's border with Israel.

Thousands of Palestinians marched to the border on Friday at the start of weeks of planned protests to demand that refugees be allowed to return to their homes that are now in Israel.Putin thanks crowds after election win

The president said the result showed "what has been done over the last few years".Video

Completely blind and severely deaf backpacker Tony Giles continues his journey in the Middle East crossing into the Palestinian territories and visiting the Church of the Nativity in Bethlehem, where Christians believe Jesus was born.

The Travel Show can be seen on BBC World News and the BBC News Channel.

This clip was first broadcast on Friday 12 January 2018.Image copyright Getty Images

A battle is under way to force the global shipping industry to play its part in tackling climate change.

A meeting of the International Maritime Organisation in London next week will face demands for shipping to radically reduce its CO2 emissions.

If shipping doesn't clean up, it could contribute almost a fifth of the global total of CO2 by 2050.

A group of nations led by Brazil, Saudi Arabia, India, Panama and Argentina is resisting CO2 targets for shipping.

Their submission to the meeting says capping ships' overall emissions would restrict world trade. It might also force goods on to less efficient forms of transport.

This argument is dismissed by other countries which believe shipping could actually benefit from a shift towards cleaner technology.

The UK's Shipping Minister Nusrat Ghani told BBC News: "As other sectors take action on climate change, international shipping could be left behind.

"We are urging other members of the International Maritime Organisation (IMO) to help set an ambitious strategy to cut emissions from ships."

Trade and prosperity

The UK is supported by other European nations in a proposal to shrink shipping emissions by 70%-100% of their 2008 levels by 2050.

Guy Platten from the UK Chamber of Shipping said: "We call on the global shipping industry to get behind these proposals - not just because it is in their interests to do so, but because it is the right thing to do.

"The public expects us all to take action, they understand that international trade brings prosperity, but they rightly demand it is conducted in a sustainable and environmentally friendly way. We must listen to those demands, and the time for action is now."

Image copyright Getty Images

The problem has developed over many years. As the shipping industry is international, it evades the carbon-cutting influence of the annual UN talks on climate change, which are conducted on a national basis.

Instead the decisions have been left to the IMO, a body recently criticised for its lack of accountability and transparency.

The IMO did agree a design standard in 2011 ensuring that new ships should be 30% more efficient by 2025. But there is no rule to reduce emissions from the existing fleet.

The Clean Shipping Coalition, a green group focusing on ships, said shipping should conform to agreement made in Paris to stabilise the global temperature increase as close as possible to 1.5C.

Tangible goals

A spokesman said: "The Paris temperature goals are absolute objectives. They are not conditional on whether the global economy thinks they are achievable or not."

So the pressure is on the IMO to produce an ambitious policy. The EU has threatened that if the IMO doesn't move far enough, the EU will take over regulating European shipping. That would see the IMO stripped of some of its authority.

A spokesman for the Panamanian government told BBC News his nation supports the Paris Agreement.

"But", he said, "Panama, as a developing country that depends on the maritime sector for its progress, and aware that the welfare of its population relies on shipping, believes in the necessity of a well though-out and studied strategy that allows sustainable and efficient reduction of emissions.

"To haste into an uncalculated strategy that aims to reduce emissions to zero by the year 2050 does not take into account the current state of technology."

A recent report from the International Transport Forum at the rich nations' think tank the OECD said maximum deployment of currently known technologies could achieve almost complete decarbonisation of maritime shipping by 2035.

A spokesperson for another of the nations resisting targets told BBC News: "My country pushed very hard to get the deal in Paris. But you will notice that many of the countries opposing the restrictions on CO2 are developing countries that are distant from some of their markets."

Campaigners say huge improvements in CO2 emissions from existing ships can be easily be made by obliging them to travel more slowly. They say a carbon pricing system is needed.

International shipping produces about 1,000 million tonnes of CO2 annually - that's more than the entire German economy.

The meeting runs from Tuesday.

Follow Roger on Twitter.Image copyright ITV

Stars including Coleen Nolan and breast cancer survivor Victoria Derbyshire have been hailed "warrior women" for baring all for breast cancer awareness.

Eight women took part in The Real Full Monty: Ladies' Night, stripping off in front of a live audience.

Those chosen have all been affected by cancer.

They were seen on the ITV show dancing to This Is Me from The Greatest Showman in a routine choreographed by Diversity's Ashley Banjo.

The group included cancer survivor Ruth Madoc, the actress, and singer and presenter Michelle Heaton, who had a double mastectomy after learning she has the BRCA2 gene.

'Out of comfort zone'

Actress Helen Lederer also took part, along with DJ Sarah-Jane Crawford, Emmerdale's Sally Dexter and Towie's Megan McKenna.

They were assembled by Loose Women's Nolan, whose sister Bernie died of breast cancer in 2013. Another sister, Linda, is now battling the condition.

"I'm here and one of my sisters isn't - and one of them is going through hell again," she said. "I'm doing it for them."

Image copyright ITV Image caption Derbyshire became emotional during the show

Derbyshire was initially uncertain about taking part, breaking down on the first day of rehearsals saying: "This is so out of my comfort zone. God, this is day one, what the heck.

"I haven't cried for ages about having cancer, or my body or whatever."

It was also an emotional experience for Heaton, who talked about her reconstructed breasts, saying she felt "disconnected" from them.

They also took part in a Calendar Girls-inspired photoshoot, with food items covering their bare breasts, to increase their confidence.

Image copyright ITV Image caption The women took part in a Calendar Girls photoshoot during the documentary

On the big night, the women took to the stage in Sheffield in bronze sequinned wrap dresses - halfway through, they pulled off the dresses to show tasselled black lingerie, which they accessorised with red feather fans.

Turning away from the crowds, they removed their bras and covered themselves with the feathers, before then facing the audience - and removing the feathers. The final shot was filmed from behind.

It proved emotional for all of the women, with Derbyshire and Nolan sharing a hug as the performance drew to a close.

Image copyright ITV

Derbyshire said the programme, which followed a male version of the show featuring the likes of James Argent and John Partridge, had made her "really happy".

"There might be someone watching who learns something about breast cancer that they didn't know before and it might save their life and that is massive," she added.

Heaton said she felt "overwhelmed" after the experience, adding on Twitter: "#TheRealFullMontyladies has been the best thing I've ever done to help overcome my fears and raise #BreastCancerAwareness."

There was praise and admiration from the audience after the show aired on ITV1 on Thursday night.

Viewer Vikki Longman said it made her feel "empowered".

Skip Twitter post by @vikkilongman Feeling empowered this evening to love my body for what it is. Some of these women have had horrendous experiences. I look after myself with exercise and diet. i’m not a size 10 and never will b, but i am learning to love myself. Well done ladies. 💪#TheRealFullMontyLadiesNight — vikki longman (@vikkilongman) March 29, 2018 Report

Singer Sam Bailey said she was proud of all those who took part.

Presenter Sue Perkins said the programme was "joyful" and "empowering", while Anna Richardson described the stars as "warrior women".

Derbyshire later thanked people for their support - including one woman who said the programme made her check her breasts.

Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption WATCH: What is quantum computing?

In a laboratory in Copenhagen, scientists believe they are on the verge of a breakthrough that could transform computing.

A team combining Microsoft researchers and Niels Bohr Institute academics is confident that it has found the key to creating a quantum computer.

If they are right, then Microsoft will leap to the front of a race that has a tremendous prize - the power to solve problems that are beyond conventional computers.

In the lab are a series of white cylinders, which are fridges, cooled almost to absolute zero as part of the process of creating a qubit, the building block of a quantum computer.

"This is colder than deep space, it may be the coldest place in the universe," Prof Charlie Marcus tells me.

The team he leads is working in collaboration with other labs in the Netherlands, Australia and the United States in Microsoft's quantum research programme.

Right now, they are behind in the race - the likes of Google, IBM and a Silicon Valley start-up called Rigetti have already shown they can build systems with as many as 50 qubits. Microsoft has yet to demonstrate - in public at least - that it can build one.

But these scientists are going down a different route from their rivals, trying to create qubits using a subatomic particle, whose existence was first suggested back in the 1930s by an Italian physicist Ettore Majorana.

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption WATCH: Quantum computing explained in 20 seconds

This week scientists from Microsoft's laboratory in Delft published a paper in the journal Nature outlining the progress they had made in isolating the Majorana particle.

Their belief is that this will lead to a much more stable qubit than the methods their rivals are using, which are highly prone to errors. That should mean scaling up to a fully operational quantum computer will be far easier.

At the Copenhagen lab they showed me through a powerful microscope the tiny wire where they have created these Majorana particles. Later over dinner, Prof Charlie Marcus tried, not altogether successfully, to demonstrate to someone whose last physics exam was more than 40 years ago what was unique about this approach with three pieces of bread and some cutlery.

"What's really astounding with this activity compared with what everybody else is doing is that we have to invent a particle that's never existed before and then use it for computing," he explains.

"It's a profoundly more exotic challenge than what's going on with other approaches to quantum computing."

Other scientists taking those other approaches are looking on with great interest and a little scepticism.

"It's one of those things that on paper look incredibly exciting but physics has a habit of throwing up spanners in the works," says University College London's Prof John Morton, whose research involves using good old fashioned silicon to build qubits.

"Until we see the demonstration we don't know how well these Majorana qubits developed by Microsoft will really behave."

Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was challenged to explain quantum computing in 2016

He says this is a big year for the field, with the strong likelihood that Google or IBM will demonstrate what is known as quantum supremacy, where a problem that is beyond a conventional supercomputer is solved using quantum methods.

But Microsoft seems confident that its years of research will soon pay off.

"We will have a commercially relevant quantum computer - one that's solving real problems - within five years," says Dr Julie Love, Microsoft's director of quantum computing business development.

She is already out selling the company's customers a vision of a near future where quantum computers will help battle climate change, create new superconducting materials and super-charge machine learning.

"What it allows us to do is solve problems that with all of our supercomputers running in parallel would take the lifetime of the universe to solve in seconds, hours or days."

So, the heat is on for the research team. Prof Charlie Marcus, who spent most of his career at Harvard before being recruited to run the Copenhagen lab, says his life has been about creating knowledge, not building products.

"My job is to find out what works and hand it off to the engineers and computer scientists who will turn it into a technology."

Heading up the whole programme is Todd Holmdahl, the Microsoft executive previously in charge of the Hololens mixed reality headset and the Xbox games console - a measure of how serious the company is about making some quantum hardware pretty soon.

I pressed Prof Marcus on whether his team was going to hit that ambitious five year target set by his employer.

"We're sure going to try," he says with a grin.Tesla was on Autopilot in fatal crash

The company says a Model X vehicle involved in a fatal crash in the US was in Autopilot mode.Me and my endometriosis

Endometriosis affects about 1 in 10 women. These incredible ladies are speaking out after spending years in agonising pain, fighting to get a diagnosis.Have Your SayImage copyright Getty Images Image caption Andrew Bosworth says his memo was intended to be provocative

A Facebook executive's memo that claimed the "ugly truth" was that anything it did to grow was justified has been made public, embarrassing the company.

The 2016 post said that this applied even if it meant people might die as a result of bullying or terrorism.

Both the author and the company's chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, have denied they actually believe the sentiment.

But it risks overshadowing the firm's efforts to tackle an earlier scandal.

Facebook has been under intense scrutiny since it acknowledged that it had received reports that a political consultancy - Cambridge Analytica - had not destroyed data harvested from about 50 million of its users years earlier.

The memo was first made public by the Buzzfeed news site, and was written by Andrew Bosworth.

The 18 June 2016 memo:

Image copyright Getty Images

So we connect more people.

That can be bad if they make it negative. Maybe it costs a life by exposing someone to bullies. Maybe someone dies in a terrorist attack co-ordinated on our tools.

And still we connect people.

The ugly truth is that we believe in connecting people so deeply that anything that allows us to connect more people more often is *de facto* good. It is perhaps the only area where the metrics do tell the true story as far as we are concerned.

[...]

That's why all the work we do in growth is justified. All the questionable contact importing practices. All the subtle language that helps people stay searchable by friends. All of the work we do to bring more communication in. The work we will likely have to do in China some day. All of it.

Read the post in full

Mr Bosworth - who co-invented Facebook's News Feed - has held high-level posts at the social network since 2006, and is currently in charge of its virtual reality efforts.

Mr Bosworth has since tweeted that he "didn't agree" with the post at the time he had posted it, but he had shared it with staff to be "provocative."

"Having a debate around hard topics like these is a critical part of our process and to do that effectively we have to be able to consider even bad ideas," he added.

Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Facebook's chief says that Facebook does not believe connecting people is "enough by itself"

Mark Zuckerberg has issued his own statement.

"Boz is a talented leader who says many provocative things," it said.

"This was one that most people at Facebook including myself disagreed with strongly. We've never believed the ends justify the means."

A follow-up report by the Verge revealed that dozens of Facebook's employees have subsequently used its internal chat tools to discuss concerns that such material had been leaked to the media.

Analysis

Image copyright Reuters

By Rory Cellan-Jones, Technology correspondent

What immediately struck me about this leaked memo was the line about "all the questionable contact importing practices".

When I downloaded my Facebook data recently, it was the presence of thousands of my phone contacts that startled me. But the company's attitude seemed to be that this was normal and it was up to users to switch off the function if they didn't like it.

What we now know is that in 2016 a very senior executive thought this kind of data gathering was questionable.

So, why is it only now that the company is having a debate about this and other dubious practices?

Until now, Facebook has not been leaky. Perhaps we will soon get more insights from insiders as this adolescent business tries to grow up and come to terms with its true nature.

Fact checking

The disclosure coincided with Facebook's latest efforts to address the public and investors' concerns with its management.

Its shares are trading about 14% lower than they were before the Cambridge Analytica scandal began, and several high profile figures have advocated deleting Facebook accounts.

The company hosted a press conference on Thursday, at which it said it had:

begun fact-checking photos and videos posted in France, and would expand this to other countries soon

developed a new fake account investigative tool to prevent harmful election-related activities

started work on a public archive that will make it possible for journalists and others to investigate political-labelled ads posted to its platform

In previous days it had also announced a revamp of its privacy settings, and said it would restrict the amount of data exchanged with businesses that collect information on behalf of advertisers.

The latest controversy is likely, however, to provide added ammunition for critics.

CNN reported earlier this week that Mr Zuckerberg had decided to testify before Congress "within a matter of weeks" after refusing a request to do so before UK MPs. However, the BBC has been unable to independently verify whether he answer questions in Washington.Image copyright Getty Images

A man in the UK has caught the world's "worst-ever" case of super-gonorrhoea.

He had a regular partner in the UK, but picked up the superbug after a sexual encounter with a woman in South East Asia.

Public Health England says it is the first time the infection cannot be cured with first choice antibiotics.

Health officials are now tracing any other sexual partners of the man, who has not been identified, in an attempt to contain the infection's spread.

He picked up the infection earlier in the year.

The main antibiotic treatment - a combination of azithromycin and ceftriaxone - has failed to treat the disease.

Dr Gwenda Hughes, from Public Health England, said: "This is the first time a case has displayed such high-level resistance to both of these drugs and to most other commonly used antibiotics."

Discussions with the World Health Organization and the European Centres for Disease Control agree this is a world first.

What is gonorrhoea?

Image copyright CAVALLINI JAMES/SCIENCE PHOTO LIBRARY

The disease is caused by the bacterium called Neisseria gonorrhoeae.

The infection is spread by unprotected vaginal, oral and anal sex.

Of those infected, about one in 10 heterosexual men and more than three-quarters of women, and gay men, have no easily recognisable symptoms.

But symptoms can include a thick green or yellow discharge from sexual organs, pain when urinating and bleeding between periods.

Untreated infection can lead to infertility, pelvic inflammatory disease and can be passed on to a child during pregnancy.

Analysis of the man's infection suggests one last antibiotic could work. He is currently being treated and doctors will see if it has been successful next month.

So far no other cases - including in the British partner - have been discovered, but the investigation is still under way.

Dr Hughes added: "We are following up this case to ensure that the infection was effectively treated with other options and the risk of any onward transmission is minimised."

Doctors have long been warning this could happen.

In 2015, there was an outbreak of azithromycin-resistant gonorrhoea centred on Leeds.

The fear is the bug could eventually become untreatable by any antibiotic.

You may also be interested in:

Dr Olwen Williams, the president of the British Association for Sexual Health and HIV said: "The emergence of this new strain of highly resistant gonorrhoea is of huge concern and is a significant development.

"We are concerned that the problem will worsen due to the dramatic cuts that have been delivered to the public health budget.

"Worryingly this has left sexual health services at 'tipping point', with clinic closures coming at the worst possible time."

Follow James on Twitter.Some of the best news photos from the past week

A selection of the best news photographs from around the world, taken over the past week.Image caption

Workers pile up bars of soap at a workshop in Nizip, Turkey. Except for the mixing of the chemicals, the rest of the process is handmade and the soap is distributed to shops all over the country.An Ethiopian nun at the Church of St Mary of Zion in Axum. The red carpet has been laid out in preparation for the Lent Procession around the church.Image copyright Martin Eberlen

In July last year, Martin Eberlen travelled from his home in London to the city of Stanley, North Dakota. Then he began to cycle. His route followed the length of the Dakota Access pipeline, the controversial pipe that transports some 470,000 barrels of crude oil a day across four states. Here, in his words, are the stories he found along the way.

It was an unconventional journey that took me to parts of the US tourists rarely visit, through North and South Dakota, Iowa, and ending in Illinois.

Natural gas burns continuously in North Dakota, on many of the oil pads. The smell of rotten fish was overwhelming at some locations. However, you could not escape the heat.

The only real glimpse of the actual pipeline was the imposing valve stations. They dominated the landscape, usually sitting in a farmer's field.

They have been targets for vandalism by many protesters along the route. So, now some are guarded by private security companies. It is also not unusual for the occasional helicopter to pass by, keeping an eye on those below.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Rand Olson, of Stanley, worked for an oil company in North Dakota for almost 11 years. He now spends his time collecting relics from the automobile industry and creating sculptures from leftover scrap metal.

His back garden was full of flower displays constructed from old cogs and mechanical working parts, and large carbon-fibre animals. His pride and joy, however, was his penny-farthing, which he had placed on his front lawn, where he proudly posed for a portrait.

I had a long chat with Breeze in the car park of the Roosevelt Inn, Watford City. He works in the oil fields as part of a fracking team.

"I'm on $130,000 [£93,000] and I've only got a high-school education," he said. I was shocked at how much he earned, even though I knew there was big money in oil.

His life revolves around the job, starting with a 04:00 breakfast, followed by the 90-minute bus ride out to the oil wells, 12-hour working days and then the journey back.

It had been nearly five weeks since he saw his family in Mississippi. "I go home in two days. I can't wait," he said.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

After attending several appearances demonstrations, waitress Jessica Fears of Ames, Iowa, was arrested stopping a lorry from entering a pipeline construction site near Pilot Mound.

"I was put in a holding cell for 10 to 12 hours," she said.

"They took my photograph, which was later bought for me as a present by a friend of mine."

Farmers Gary and Linda, of Jolley, battled against the pipeline company for several months, before their land was taken by compulsory purchase.

They lost approximately five acres (20,000 sq m) during the construction process.

The land has never fully recovered, and no compensation for the crop damage has been paid.

Gary and Linda welcomed me into their home. After several hours listening to their story, we drove out to the field to see the damage.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

I was in my sleeping bag at dusk, in my tent at Little Missouri State Park, North Dakota, when the campsite host, Ruth, came over and persuaded me to head out for a tour of the oil pads, to see the flames lighting up the night sky.

She said the oil companies were able to do what they were doing because many landowners had sold their mineral, or oil, rights back in the 1970s.

"If they detect oil under your land, there's little you can do to stop them putting in another drill and extracting what they call 'black gold'," she said.

Saheed was carrying a Chinese takeaway back to his hotel after a 16-hour shift on a fracking team in the Bakken Oil fields. He lives in Stanley for up to two weeks at a time, working every day. He then takes six days off, using the time to travel back to Houston to be with his family.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

Elder Memmot and Elder McDougal are missionaries from the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.

In Illinois, I was fortunate enough to stay with a Mormon family for the night, learning about their religion, as well as getting a guided tour of their church, which sits high up on a hill overlooking the Mississippi.

Any Mormons I met from then onwards were thrilled I had visited one of their founding churches.

I also stayed at motels, but developed mixed feelings about them. They became a place of comfort for a good night's rest, but that feeling could quickly descend into isolation and loneliness.

I reached the end of the Dakota Access Pipeline at the Patoka terminal, Illinois, on the 23 August 2017.

After propping up my bike against the fence, I made the decision to head north to the town of Vandalia, for a well earned rest.

Image copyright Martin Eberlen

All photographs subject to copyright.Image caption

Voters are bound to be wondering what the candidates will do to improve the economy, which is in dire straits. Some people, like this woman, are among the poorest in the world.Sierra Leone votes in delayed run-off

The vote was delayed after an allegation of electoral fraud in the first round earlier this month.Photographer Mark Fairhurst began his career photographing inanimate objects, from jewellery to plugs which were used in advertising. Seeing his work, someone told him that if you can make a plug look good, imagine what you can do for people.

It was this that sparked the idea of switching to portraiture and now an exhibition of his work is to be shown at Tetbury Goods Shed in Gloucestershire.

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Zara Tindall

Fairhurst's pictures are usually taken on location and often he has little time to capture the image he wants.

Brief Encounters displays images taken on a one-to-one basis, often only with a short time to prepare the set on location.

"It's a challenge to create a relaxed atmosphere other than in a studio," says Fairhurst. "I would never have thought that I would be in front of so many famous people in my career."

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Tony Benn

He works in black and white taking inspiration from photographers such as Irving Penn, Jane Bown, David Bailey and Richard Avedon.

"You have to be a psychologist and a photographer doing portraiture," says Fairhurst.

"Connection and the ability to put at ease, that's the key. Lighting is important, but a great portrait comes from a good connection at that critical moment in time."

Brief Encounters by Mark Fairhust can be seen at the Goods Shed Tetbury from 1 April to 13 May 2018.

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Fiona Fullerton

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Baroness Lloyd-Webber

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption James May

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Antonio Carluccio

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Jilly Cooper

Image copyright Mark Fairhurst Image caption Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen

You can see more of Mark Fairhurst's work on his website.Hi I am the head of product for BBC News Online and lead the product strategy and development of website, mobile, tablet and IPTV products for News.



The change of year is a good time to look back and also forward. In the BBC News Online product team in recent weeks we have been reflecting on a year in which we delivered a number of innovative product features to the audience while also planning an exciting event to kick off 2013: our first Connected Studio for News which begins on January 21.

Pages from BBC News Online

With the delivery of our brand new responsive design website, our coverage of events such as the Diamond Jubilee and the US Presidential elections, 2012 was a huge success in News for what we call our 'Four Screen strategy'.

In the UK alone we saw a 28% increase in weekly unique browsers to our websites and applications, the number of tablets accessing our product more than trebled following a massive increase during Christmas week and there has been a 50% increase via smartphones.

Considering that one-third of our users are now not using a desktop PC it is essential that we continue to deliver great experiences across all devices from phones to connected TVs - not only in 2013 but beyond.

This is where Connected Studio comes in.